Root	Superlative
able	ablest
hilarious	most hilarious
absolute	most absolute
absurd	absurdest
active	most active
acute	most acute
adroit	most adroit
airy	airiest
alert	most alert
amazing	most amazing
ancient	most ancient
angry	angriest
astute	most astute
austere	most austere
awesome	most awesome
awful	most awful
awkward	awkwardest
bad	worst
bald	baldest
balmy	balmiest
bare	barest
barren	barrenest
batty	battiest
bawdy	bawdiest
beautiful	most beautiful
beefy	beefiest
big	biggest
bitchy	bitchiest
bitter	bitterest
black	blackest
bland	blandest
blank	blankest
bleak	bleakest
blessed	blessedest
blind	blindest
blithe	blithest
blonde	blondest
bloody	bloodiest
bloodthirsty	bloodthirstiest
blue	bluest
blunt	bluntest
blurry	blurriest
bold	boldest
bony	boniest
bouncy	bounciest
brash	brashest
brassy	brassiest
brave	bravest
brawny	brawniest
breezy	breeziest
brief	briefest
bright	brightest
briny	briniest
brisk	briskest
brittle	brittlest
broad	broadest
broody	broodiest
brown	brownest
bubbly	bubbliest
bulky	bulkiest
bumpy	bumpiest
burly	burliest
bushy	bushiest
busy	busiest
buttery	butteriest
calm	calmest
canny	canniest
capable	capablest
careful	carefullest
catchy	catchiest
catty	cattiest
chaste	chastest
chatty	chattiest
cheap	cheapest
cheeky	cheekiest
cheerful	most cheerful
cheery	cheeriest
cheesy	cheesiest
chewy	chewiest
chic	chicest
chill	chillest
chilly	chilliest
chirpy	chirpiest
choppy	choppiest
chubby	chubbiest
chunky	chunkiest
clammy	clammiest
classy	classiest
clean	cleanest
clear	clearest
clever	cleverest
close	closest
cloudy	cloudiest
clumsy	clumsiest
clunky	clunkiest
coarse	coarsest
cocky	cockiest
cold	coldest
comfy	comfiest
common	commonest
compact	most compact
complete	most complete
concise	most concise
cool	coolest
corny	corniest
cosy	coziest
costly	costliest
courtly	courtliest
coy	coyest
cozy	coziest
crafty	craftiest
craggy	craggiest
cranky	crankiest
crass	crassest
crazy	craziest
creaky	creakiest
creamy	creamiest
creepy	creepiest
crisp	crispest
crispy	crispiest
crooked	crookedest
cross	crossest
crude	crudest
cruel	cruelest
crumbly	crumbliest
crunchy	crunchiest
crusty	crustiest
cuddly	cuddliest
cunning	most cunning
curious	most curious
curly	curliest
curvy	curviest
cushy	cushiest
cute	cutest
daft	daftest
dainty	daintiest
damned	damnedest
damp	dampest
dandy	dandiest
dank	dankest
dark	darkest
darned	darnedest
dead	deadest
deadly	deadliest
deaf	deafest
dear	dearest
decent	most decent
deep	deepest
deft	deftest
demure	demurest
dense	densest
devout	devoutest
dim	dimmest
dingy	dingiest
direct	directest
dire	direst
dirty	dirtiest
discreet	most discreet
dismal	most dismal
distinct	most distinct
dizzy	dizziest
dour	dourest
downy	downiest
drab	drabbest
drafty	draftiest
dreamy	dreamiest
dreary	dreariest
dressy	dressiest
drippy	drippiest
droopy	droopiest
drunk	drunkest
dry	driest
dull	dullest
dumb	dumbest
dumpy	dumpiest
dusty	dustiest
eager	eagerest
earthy	earthiest
edgy	edgiest
eerie	eeriest
elite	elitest
empty	emptiest
evil	most evil
exact	most exact
extreme	most extreme
faint	faintest
fair	fairest
fat	fattest
fatty	fattiest
fearful	most fearful
feeble	feeblest
feisty	feistiest
fickle	ficklest
fierce	fiercest
fiery	fieriest
filthy	filthiest
fine	finest
finicky	finickiest
firm	firmest
fishy	fishiest
fit	fittest
flabby	flabbiest
flaky	flakiest
flashy	flashiest
flat	flattest
fleet	fleetest
fleshy	fleshiest
flighty	flightiest
flimsy	flimsiest
flinty	flintiest
floppy	floppiest
fluffy	fluffiest
foamy	foamiest
folksy	folksiest
foul	foulest
frail	frailest
frank	frankest
free	freest
fresh	freshest
friendly	friendliest
frisky	friskiest
frizzy	frizziest
frosty	frostiest
frothy	frothiest
fruitful	most fruitful
fruity	fruitiest
frumpy	frumpiest
fugly	fugliest
full	fullest
fun	most fun
funky	funkiest
funny	funniest
furry	furriest
fussy	fussiest
fuzzy	fuzziest
game	gamest
gaudy	gaudiest
gaunt	gauntest
gay	gayest
genteel	genteelest
gentle	gentlest
giddy	giddiest
glad	gladdest
glib	glibbest
gloomy	gloomiest
glossy	glossiest
godly	godliest
golden	most golden
goofy	goofiest
grand	grandest
grateful	most grateful
grave	gravest
gray	grayest
greasy	greasiest
great	greatest
greedy	greediest
green	greenest
grey	greyest
grimy	grimiest
grim	grimmest
gritty	grittiest
groggy	groggiest
gross	grossest
gruff	gruffest
grumpy	grumpiest
guilty	guiltiest
hairy	hairiest
handy	handiest
handsome	handsomest
happy	happiest
hard	hardest
hardy	hardiest
harsh	harshest
haughty	haughtiest
hazy	haziest
heady	headiest
healthy	healthiest
heavenly	heavenliest
heavy	heaviest
hefty	heftiest
high	highest
hoarse	hoarsest
holy	holiest
hollow	hollowest
homely	homeliest
honest	most honest
horny	horniest
hot	hottest
huge	most enormous
humble	humblest
hungry	hungriest
husky	huskiest
idle	idlest
impure	impurest
inky	inkiest
innocent	most innocent
intense	most intense
itchy	itchiest
jolly	jolliest
joyful	most joyful
juicy	juiciest
jumpy	jumpiest
keen	keenest
kind	kindest
kingly	kingliest
kinky	kinkiest
lacy	laciest
lame	lamest
lanky	lankiest
large	largest
lazy	laziest
leaky	leakiest
lean	leanest
leggy	leggiest
lengthy	lengthiest
light	lightest
limp	limpest
little	littlest
lithe	lithest
lively	liveliest
lofty	loftiest
lonely	loneliest
lonesome	lonesomest
long	longest
loony	looniest
loopy	loopiest
loose	loosest
lordly	lordliest
loud	loudest
lovely	loveliest
lowly	lowliest
loyal	loyalest
lucky	luckiest
lush	lushest
lusty	lustiest
mad	maddest
manly	manliest
mature	maturest
mean	meanest
meaty	meatiest
meek	meekest
mellow	mellowest
merry	merriest
messy	messiest
mighty	mightiest
mild	mildest
milky	milkiest
minute	most minute
modest	most modest
moist	moistest
moody	moodiest
mucky	muckiest
muddy	muddiest
murky	murkiest
mushy	mushiest
musty	mustiest
mute	most mute
naive	most naive
naked	most naked
narrow	narrowest
nasty	nastiest
naughty	naughtiest
neat	neatest
new	newest
nice	nicest
nimble	nimblest
noble	noblest
noisy	noisiest
numb	numbest
nutty	nuttiest
odd	oddest
oily	oiliest
old	oldest
open	most open
ornery	orneriest
painful	most painful
pale	palest
pasty	pastiest
patchy	patchiest
patient	most patient
peaceful	most peaceful
peachy	peachiest
peppy	peppiest
perfect	most perfect
perky	perkiest
pert	pertest
phony	phoniest
pink	pinkest
plain	plainest
pleasant	most pleasant
plucky	pluckiest
plump	plumpest
plush	plushest
polite	politest
poor	poorest
precise	most precise
pretty	prettiest
prickly	prickliest
prim	primmest
private	privatest
profound	profoundest
prompt	promptest
proper	most proper
proud	proudest
puffy	puffiest
puny	puniest
punk	punkest
pure	purest
purple	purplest
quaint	quaintest
queer	queerest
quick	quickest
quiet	quietest
quirky	quirkiest
racy	raciest
ragged	raggedest
randy	randiest
rangy	rangiest
rank	rankest
rapid	rapidest
rare	rarest
raunchy	raunchiest
raw	rawest
red	reddest
remote	remotest
rich	richest
ripe	ripest
risky	riskiest
roaring	most roaring
robust	robustest
rocky	rockiest
roomy	roomiest
rosy	rosiest
rotten	rottenest
rough	roughest
round	roundest
rowdy	rowdiest
rude	rudest
rugged	ruggedest
runny	runniest
rusty	rustiest
sad	saddest
safe	safest
saintly	saintliest
salty	saltiest
sandy	sandiest
sappy	sappiest
savage	savagest
scaly	scaliest
scarce	scarcest
scary	scariest
scrappy	scrappiest
scratchy	scratchiest
scrawny	scrawniest
scummy	scummiest
secret	secretest
secure	securest
seedy	seediest
sensible	sensiblest
serene	serenest
severe	most severe
sexy	sexiest
shabby	shabbiest
shady	shadiest
shaggy	shaggiest
shaky	shakiest
shallow	shallowest
shapely	shapeliest
sharp	sharpest
sheer	sheerest
shifty	shiftiest
shiny	shiniest
short	shortest
showy	showiest
shrewd	shrewdest
shrill	shrillest
shy	shyest
sick	sickest
silky	silkiest
silly	silliest
simple	simplest
sincere	sincerest
skimpy	skimpiest
skinny	skinniest
sleazy	sleaziest
sleek	sleekest
sleepy	sleepiest
slender	slenderest
slick	slickest
slight	slightest
slim	slimmest
slimy	slimiest
slippery	slipperiest
sloppy	sloppiest
slow	slowest
sly	slyest
small	smallest
smart	smartest
smelly	smelliest
smoky	smokiest
smooth	smoothest
smug	smuggest
snappy	snappiest
sneaky	sneakiest
snowy	snowiest
snug	snuggest
sober	most sober
soft	softest
soggy	soggiest
solemn	solemnest
solid	solidest
soppy	soppiest
sore	sorest
sorry	sorriest
sound	soundest
sour	sourest
sparkly	sparkliest
sparse	sparsest
special	most special
speedy	speediest
spicy	spiciest
spiky	spikiest
splashy	splashiest
spongy	spongiest
spooky	spookiest
sporty	sportiest
spotty	spottiest
spry	spryest
sprightly	sprightliest
springy	springiest
spunky	spunkiest
square	squarest
squishy	squishiest
stable	stablest
staid	staidest
stale	stalest
stark	starkest
stately	stateliest
staunch	staunchest
steady	steadiest
stealthy	stealthiest
steamy	steamiest
steely	steeliest
steep	steepest
stern	sternest
sticky	stickiest
stiff	stiffest
still	stillest
stingy	stingiest
stinky	stinkiest
stout	stoutest
straight	straightest
strange	strangest
stretchy	stretchiest
strict	strictest
stringy	stringiest
strong	strongest
stubborn	stubbornest
stupid	stupidest
sturdy	sturdiest
suave	suavest
sublime	sublimest
subtle	subtlest
sugary	sugariest
sunny	sunniest
super	most super
supple	supplest
swanky	swankiest
swarthy	swarthiest
sweet	sweetest
swift	swiftest
tall	tallest
tame	tamest
tangy	tangiest
tan	tannest
tart	tartest
tasty	tastiest
taut	tautest
teeny	teeniest
tender	tenderest
tense	tensest
terse	tersest
thick	thickest
thin	thinnest
thirsty	thirstiest
thorny	thorniest
thorough	thoroughest
tidy	tidiest
tight	tightest
timid	timidest
tiny	tiniest
tinny	tinniest
tired	most tired
tough	toughest
tricky	trickiest
trim	trimmest
trivial	trivialest
true	truest
trusty	trustiest
trustworthy	trustworthiest
twisty	twistiest
ugly	ugliest
uncanny	uncanniest
uneasy	uneasiest
unfair	unfairest
unfit	unfittest
unfriendly	unfriendliest
unfunny	unfunniest
unhappy	unhappiest
unhealthy	unhealthiest
unkind	unkindest
unlucky	unluckiest
unruly	unruliest
unsafe	unsafest
unsexy	unsexiest
untidy	untidiest
vague	vaguest
vain	vainest
vast	vastest
vile	vilest
vivid	vividest
vulgar	vulgarest
wacky	wackiest
wary	wariest
warm	warmest
warty	wartiest
wavy	waviest
weak	weakest
wealthy	wealthiest
weighty	weightiest
weird	weirdest
wet	wettest
whacky	whackiest
white	whitest
wicked	wickedest
wide	widest
wiggly	wiggliest
wild	wildest
wily	wiliest
willing	most willing
windy	windiest
winning	most winning
wintry	wintriest
wise	wisest
wispy	wispiest
witty	wittiest
wobbly	wobbliest
womanly	womanliest
woody	woodiest
woolly	woolliest
worthy	worthiest
wretched	wretchedest
good	best
wrong	worst
yellow	yellowest
young	youngest
yummy	yummiest
Byzantine	most Byzantine
Catholic	most Catholic
Christian	most Christian
abandoned	most abandoned
abhorrent	most abhorrent
abiding	most abiding
abnormal	most abnormal
aboriginal	most aboriginal
aborted	most aborted
abrasive	most abrasive
abridged	most abridged
abroad	most abroad
abrupt	most abrupt
absent	most absent
absentminded	most absentminded
absorbent	most absorbent
absorbing	most absorbing
abstinent	most abstinent
abstract	most abstract
abundant	most abundant
abused	most abused
abusing	most abusing
abusive	most abusive
accelerating	most accelerating
acceptable	most acceptable
accepted	most accepted
accepting	most accepting
accessible	most accessible
acclaimed	most acclaimed
accommodated	most accommodated
accommodating	most accommodating
accompanying	most accompanying
accomplished	most accomplished
accountable	most accountable
accounting	most accounting
accredited	most accredited
accrued	most accrued
accumulated	most accumulated
accurate	most accurate
accused	most accused
accusing	most accusing
acerbic	most acerbic
achieved	most achieved
aching	most aching
acid	most acid
acidic	most acidic
acknowledged	most acknowledged
acknowledging	most acknowledging
acquired	most acquired
acrid	most acrid
acrobatic	most acrobatic
acting	most acting
activated	most activated
activating	most activating
activist	most activist
adaptable	most adaptable
adaptive	most adaptive
addicted	most addicted
addicting	most addicting
addictive	most addictive
adding	most adding
addled	most addled
addressed	most addressed
adept	most adept
adequate	most adequate
adhering	most adhering
adjoining	most adjoining
adjustable	most adjustable
adjusted	most adjusted
administered	most administered
admirable	most admirable
admired	most admired
admiring	most admiring
admitted	most admitted
adolescent	most adolescent
adopted	most adopted
adopting	most adopting
adorable	most adorable
adored	most adored
adoring	most adoring
adorned	most adorned
advanced	most advanced
advancing	most advancing
advantageous	most advantageous
adventuring	most adventuring
adventurous	most adventurous
advertised	most advertised
advertising	most advertising
advising	most advising
advocating	most advocating
aerated	most aerated
aerodynamic	most aerodynamic
aesthetic	most aesthetic
affable	most affable
affecting	most affecting
affectionate	most affectionate
affirmative	most affirmative
affirmed	most affirmed
affluent	most affluent
affordable	most affordable
afraid	most afraid
aged	most aged
ageless	most ageless
aggravated	most aggravated
aggravating	most aggravating
aggressive	most aggressive
agile	most agile
aging	most aging
agitated	most agitated
agitating	most agitating
agonizing	most agonizing
agreeable	most agreeable
agreed	most agreed
aimed	most aimed
aiming	most aiming
aimless	most aimless
airbrushed	most airbrushed
airless	most airless
airtight	most airtight
alarming	most alarming
alcoholic	most alcoholic
alien	most alien
alienated	most alienated
aligned	most aligned
alive	most alive
alkaline	most alkaline
alleged	most alleged
alleging	most alleging
allied	most allied
allocated	most allocated
alluring	most alluring
alluvial	most alluvial
alone	most alone
aloof	most aloof
altering	most altering
altruistic	most altruistic
amber	most amber
ambiguous	most ambiguous
ambitious	most ambitious
amended	most amended
amiable	most amiable
amicable	most amicable
amoral	most amoral
amorous	most amorous
amorphous	most amorphous
amplified	most amplified
amusing	most amusing
anachronistic	most anachronistic
anal	most anal
analog	most analog
analogue	most analogue
analytical	most analytical
analyzed	most analyzed
anchored	most anchored
anchoring	most anchoring
angelic	most angelic
angered	most angered
angled	most angled
angling	most angling
anguished	most anguished
angular	most angular
animated	most animated
annotated	most annotated
annoying	most annoying
anointed	most anointed
anomalous	most anomalous
anonymous	most anonymous
anorexic	most anorexic
answered	most answered
anthologized	most anthologized
anticipated	most anticipated
anticipating	most anticipating
antiquated	most antiquated
antique	most antique
antiseptic	most antiseptic
antisocial	most antisocial
antsy	most antsy
anxious	most anxious
apathetic	most apathetic
apologetic	most apologetic
appalling	most appalling
apparent	most apparent
appealed	most appealed
appealing	most appealing
appetizing	most appetizing
applicable	most applicable
applied	most applied
applying	most applying
appointed	most appointed
appreciated	most appreciated
appreciating	most appreciating
appreciative	most appreciative
approachable	most approachable
approved	most approved
aquatic	most aquatic
arbitrary	most arbitrary
arcane	most arcane
archaic	most archaic
arched	most arched
architectural	most architectural
archived	most archived
archiving	most archiving
ardent	most ardent
arduous	most arduous
arguing	most arguing
arid	most arid
aristocratic	most aristocratic
armed	most armed
armored	most armored
armoured	most armoured
aromatic	most aromatic
aroused	most aroused
arousing	most arousing
arranged	most arranged
arrested	most arrested
arresting	most arresting
arrogant	most arrogant
artful	most artful
articulate	most articulate
articulated	most articulated
articulating	most articulating
artificial	most artificial
artistic	most artistic
artless	most artless
ascending	most ascending
aspiring	most aspiring
assaulted	most assaulted
assembled	most assembled
asserted	most asserted
assertive	most assertive
assessed	most assessed
assessing	most assessing
asset	most asset
assiduous	most assiduous
assigned	most assigned
assisting	most assisting
assumed	most assumed
assured	most assured
astonishing	most astonishing
astounding	most astounding
athletic	most athletic
atmospheric	most atmospheric
atrophied	most atrophied
attached	most attached
attaching	most attaching
attacked	most attacked
attacking	most attacking
attained	most attained
attended	most attended
attending	most attending
attentive	most attentive
attenuated	most attenuated
attenuating	most attenuating
attracting	most attracting
attractive	most attractive
audacious	most audacious
audible	most audible
auditing	most auditing
august	most august
auspicious	most auspicious
authentic	most authentic
authenticated	most authenticated
authoring	most authoring
authoritarian	most authoritarian
authoritative	most authoritative
authorized	most authorized
autographed	most autographed
automated	most automated
automatic	most automatic
autonomous	most autonomous
avid	most avid
avowed	most avowed
awakening	most awakening
awarded	most awarded
aware	most aware
awed	most awed
backbreaking	most backbreaking
backhanded	most backhanded
backing	most backing
backpacking	most backpacking
backstabbing	most backstabbing
baffled	most baffled
baffling	most baffling
baiting	most baiting
baked	most baked
baking	most baking
balanced	most balanced
balancing	most balancing
balding	most balding
banal	most banal
banded	most banded
banding	most banding
banged	most banged
banging	most banging
banked	most banked
banking	most banking
banned	most banned
baptized	most baptized
barbaric	most barbaric
barbarous	most barbarous
barbed	most barbed
barefaced	most barefaced
bargaining	most bargaining
barking	most barking
barred	most barred
bashful	most bashful
basic	most basic
battered	most battered
battering	most battering
batting	most batting
beaded	most beaded
beaked	most beaked
beaming	most beaming
bearded	most bearded
bearing	most bearing
beaten	most beaten
beating	most beating
beautifying	most beautifying
beckoning	most beckoning
bedraggled	most bedraggled
befuddled	most befuddled
begging	most begging
beginning	most beginning
beguiling	most beguiling
bejeweled	most bejeweled
believable	most believable
believed	most believed
believing	most believing
belligerent	most belligerent
beloved	most beloved
benchmarked	most benchmarked
benchmarking	most benchmarking
bendable	most bendable
bending	most bending
beneficial	most beneficial
benevolent	most benevolent
benign	most benign
bent	most bent
bereaved	most bereaved
bereft	most bereft
besieged	most besieged
besotted	most besotted
bestselling	most bestselling
betrayed	most betrayed
betraying	most betraying
betting	most betting
bewildered	most bewildered
bewildering	most bewildering
bewitching	most bewitching
biased	most biased
biddable	most biddable
bidding	most bidding
bigoted	most bigoted
billing	most billing
binding	most binding
biological	most biological
birthing	most birthing
bitching	most bitching
biting	most biting
bizarre	most bizarre
blackened	most blackened
blacklisted	most blacklisted
blamed	most blamed
blameless	most blameless
blaring	most blaring
blasphemous	most blasphemous
blasted	most blasted
blasting	most blasting
blatant	most blatant
blazing	most blazing
bleached	most bleached
bleaching	most bleaching
bleeding	most bleeding
blemished	most blemished
blended	most blended
blending	most blending
blessing	most blessing
blighted	most blighted
blinded	most blinded
blinding	most blinding
blistering	most blistering
blithering	most blithering
bloated	most bloated
blocked	most blocked
blocking	most blocking
blogged	most blogged
blogging	most blogging
blond	most blond
bloodcurdling	most bloodcurdling
bloodied	most bloodied
bloodless	most bloodless
blooming	most blooming
blossoming	most blossoming
blowing	most blowing
blundering	most blundering
blurred	most blurred
blushing	most blushing
blustering	most blustering
blustery	most blustery
boasting	most boasting
boating	most boating
bodybuilding	most bodybuilding
bogus	most bogus
bohemian	most bohemian
boiled	most boiled
boiling	most boiling
boisterous	most boisterous
bolted	most bolted
bombing	most bombing
bonded	most bonded
bonding	most bonding
booked	most booked
booking	most booking
bookmarked	most bookmarked
booming	most booming
boosted	most boosted
boosting	most boosting
bordering	most bordering
bored	most bored
boring	most boring
borrowed	most borrowed
borrowing	most borrowing
botched	most botched
bothersome	most bothersome
bottled	most bottled
bottling	most bottling
bottomless	most bottomless
bought	most bought
bounced	most bounced
bouncing	most bouncing
bound	most bound
bounded	most bounded
bounding	most bounding
boundless	most boundless
bountiful	most bountiful
bovine	most bovine
bowed	most bowed
bowling	most bowling
boxed	most boxed
boxing	most boxing
bracing	most bracing
bragging	most bragging
braided	most braided
brainless	most brainless
brainstorming	most brainstorming
brainwashed	most brainwashed
brainwashing	most brainwashing
braking	most braking
branched	most branched
branching	most branching
branded	most branded
branding	most branding
brazen	most brazen
breached	most breached
breakable	most breakable
breaking	most breaking
breastfeeding	most breastfeeding
breathing	most breathing
breathless	most breathless
breathtaking	most breathtaking
breeding	most breeding
brewed	most brewed
brewing	most brewing
brilliant	most brilliant
broadcasted	most broadcasted
broadcasting	most broadcasting
broadening	most broadening
broadminded	most broadminded
broke	most broke
broken	most broken
bronzed	most bronzed
brooding	most brooding
browsed	most browsed
browsing	most browsing
bruised	most bruised
brushed	most brushed
brusque	most brusque
brutal	most brutal
brutalized	most brutalized
brutalizing	most brutalizing
brutish	most brutish
bubbling	most bubbling
budding	most budding
buff	most buff
buffed	most buffed
buffered	most buffered
buffering	most buffering
building	most building
built	most built
bulging	most bulging
bullied	most bullied
bullying	most bullying
bumbling	most bumbling
bumping	most bumping
bumptious	most bumptious
bundled	most bundled
bungling	most bungling
buoyant	most buoyant
burdened	most burdened
burdening	most burdening
burdensome	most burdensome
bureaucratic	most bureaucratic
burgeoning	most burgeoning
buried	most buried
burned	most burned
burning	most burning
burnished	most burnished
burnt	most burnt
burrowing	most burrowing
burst	most burst
bursting	most bursting
busted	most busted
bustling	most bustling
butch	most butch
butchered	most butchered
buttoned	most buttoned
buxom	most buxom
buying	most buying
buzzing	most buzzing
cabled	most cabled
caching	most caching
cacophonous	most cacophonous
cadaverous	most cadaverous
caffeinated	most caffeinated
caged	most caged
calcified	most calcified
calculated	most calculated
calculating	most calculating
calibrated	most calibrated
callous	most callous
calloused	most calloused
callused	most callused
calming	most calming
calving	most calving
camouflaged	most camouflaged
camp	most camp
campaigning	most campaigning
camping	most camping
cancelled	most cancelled
candid	most candid
canned	most canned
canning	most canning
canonized	most canonized
cantankerous	most cantankerous
capacious	most capacious
capitalistic	most capitalistic
capitalized	most capitalized
capped	most capped
capping	most capping
capricious	most capricious
captivating	most captivating
captured	most captured
capturing	most capturing
carbonated	most carbonated
carefree	most carefree
careless	most careless
caressing	most caressing
caricatured	most caricatured
caring	most caring
carnivorous	most carnivorous
carpeted	most carpeted
carpeting	most carpeting
carried	most carried
carrying	most carrying
carved	most carved
carving	most carving
cashed	most cashed
casing	most casing
casting	most casting
casual	most casual
cataloging	most cataloging
catalogued	most catalogued
catastrophic	most catastrophic
catching	most catching
categorized	most categorized
catered	most catered
catering	most catering
cautious	most cautious
celebrated	most celebrated
celebrating	most celebrating
cemented	most cemented
centered	most centered
central	most central
centralized	most centralized
centralizing	most centralizing
cerebral	most cerebral
certified	most certified
certifying	most certifying
chained	most chained
challenged	most challenged
challenging	most challenging
changeable	most changeable
changeful	most changeful
changing	most changing
channeled	most channeled
chanted	most chanted
chaotic	most chaotic
chapped	most chapped
characteristic	most characteristic
charged	most charged
charging	most charging
charismatic	most charismatic
charitable	most charitable
charmed	most charmed
charming	most charming
charted	most charted
chartered	most chartered
charting	most charting
chased	most chased
chastened	most chastened
chastening	most chastening
chastised	most chastised
chatting	most chatting
cheated	most cheated
cheating	most cheating
checkered	most checkered
checking	most checking
cheering	most cheering
cheerless	most cheerless
chequered	most chequered
cherished	most cherished
chewed	most chewed
chewing	most chewing
childish	most childish
chilled	most chilled
chilling	most chilling
chipped	most chipped
chipper	most chipper
chiseled	most chiseled
chivalrous	most chivalrous
chlorinated	most chlorinated
choked	most choked
choking	most choking
choosing	most choosing
chopped	most chopped
chopping	most chopping
choreographed	most choreographed
chronic	most chronic
chuffed	most chuffed
churlish	most churlish
circuitous	most circuitous
circular	most circular
circulated	most circulated
circulating	most circulating
circumspect	most circumspect
cited	most cited
civilized	most civilized
clamping	most clamping
clandestine	most clandestine
clarified	most clarified
clarion	most clarion
clashing	most clashing
classic	most classic
classical	most classical
classified	most classified
claustrophobic	most claustrophobic
cleaning	most cleaning
cleansing	most cleansing
clearcut	most clearcut
clearing	most clearing
cliched	most cliched
clich?d	most clich?d
clicked	most clicked
climactic	most climactic
climbed	most climbed
climbing	most climbing
clinging	most clinging
clinical	most clinical
clipped	most clipped
clipping	most clipping
cloaked	most cloaked
clogged	most clogged
clogging	most clogging
cloistered	most cloistered
cloned	most cloned
closed	most closed
clotting	most clotting
clouded	most clouded
clueless	most clueless
clumping	most clumping
clustering	most clustering
clutching	most clutching
cluttered	most cluttered
coaching	most coaching
coated	most coated
coating	most coating
coddled	most coddled
coded	most coded
codified	most codified
coding	most coding
coercive	most coercive
coherent	most coherent
cohesive	most cohesive
coiled	most coiled
coldblooded	most coldblooded
collaborating	most collaborating
collaborative	most collaborative
collapsed	most collapsed
collectable	most collectable
collected	most collected
collectible	most collectible
collecting	most collecting
collimated	most collimated
colonized	most colonized
colonizing	most colonizing
colored	most colored
colorful	most colorful
coloring	most coloring
colorless	most colorless
colossal	most colossal
colourful	most colourful
colourless	most colourless
combined	most combined
combining	most combining
combustible	most combustible
comfortable	most comfortable
comforting	most comforting
comic	most comic
commanded	most commanded
commanding	most commanding
commemorated	most commemorated
commendable	most commendable
commended	most commended
commenting	most commenting
commercial	most commercial
commissioned	most commissioned
commissioning	most commissioning
committed	most committed
commodious	most commodious
commoditized	most commoditized
commonplace	most commonplace
communal	most communal
communicated	most communicated
communicating	most communicating
communicative	most communicative
commuting	most commuting
companionable	most companionable
compassionate	most compassionate
compelling	most compelling
compendious	most compendious
compensated	most compensated
competent	most competent
competing	most competing
competitive	most competitive
compiled	most compiled
compiling	most compiling
complacent	most complacent
complaining	most complaining
completed	most completed
complex	most complex
compliant	most compliant
complicated	most complicated
complying	most complying
composed	most composed
composing	most composing
compositing	most compositing
comprehensive	most comprehensive
compressed	most compressed
compressible	most compressible
compromising	most compromising
compulsive	most compulsive
computed	most computed
computerised	most computerised
computerized	most computerized
computing	most computing
concave	most concave
concealed	most concealed
concealing	most concealing
conceited	most conceited
conceived	most conceived
concentrated	most concentrated
concerned	most concerned
concerning	most concerning
concluded	most concluded
concluding	most concluding
conclusive	most conclusive
concrete	most concrete
condemned	most condemned
condemning	most condemning
condensed	most condensed
condescending	most condescending
conditioned	most conditioned
conditioning	most conditioning
conducted	most conducted
conducting	most conducting
conductive	most conductive
confessed	most confessed
confident	most confident
confidential	most confidential
confiding	most confiding
configured	most configured
confined	most confined
confining	most confining
confirmed	most confirmed
confiscated	most confiscated
conflicting	most conflicting
confounded	most confounded
confounding	most confounding
confrontational	most confrontational
confused	most confused
confusing	most confusing
congenial	most congenial
congested	most congested
congratulatory	most congratulatory
connected	most connected
connecting	most connecting
conniving	most conniving
conquered	most conquered
conquering	most conquering
conscienceless	most conscienceless
conscientious	most conscientious
conscious	most conscious
consecrated	most consecrated
conservative	most conservative
considerable	most considerable
considerate	most considerate
considered	most considered
considering	most considering
consistent	most consistent
consolidated	most consolidated
consolidating	most consolidating
conspicuous	most conspicuous
constant	most constant
constipated	most constipated
constrained	most constrained
constraining	most constraining
constricted	most constricted
constricting	most constricting
constrictive	most constrictive
constructed	most constructed
constructive	most constructive
consultative	most consultative
consulted	most consulted
consulting	most consulting
consuming	most consuming
contagious	most contagious
contaminated	most contaminated
contaminating	most contaminating
contemplated	most contemplated
contemplative	most contemplative
contemporary	most contemporary
contemptible	most contemptible
contending	most contending
content	most content
contented	most contented
contentious	most contentious
contested	most contested
continuing	most continuing
continuous	most continuous
contoured	most contoured
contracted	most contracted
contracting	most contracting
contradictory	most contradictory
contrary	most contrary
contributing	most contributing
contrived	most contrived
controllable	most controllable
controlled	most controlled
controlling	most controlling
convenient	most convenient
conventional	most conventional
conventionalized	most conventionalized
conversational	most conversational
converted	most converted
converting	most converting
conveyancing	most conveyancing
conveying	most conveying
convicted	most convicted
convincing	most convincing
convoluted	most convoluted
cooked	most cooked
cooking	most cooking
cooled	most cooled
cooling	most cooling
cooperating	most cooperating
cooperative	most cooperative
coordinated	most coordinated
copied	most copied
copying	most copying
copyrighted	most copyrighted
corded	most corded
cordial	most cordial
corporate	most corporate
correct	most correct
corrected	most corrected
corroborated	most corroborated
corroded	most corroded
corroding	most corroding
corrosive	most corrosive
corrugated	most corrugated
corrupt	most corrupt
corrupted	most corrupted
corrupting	most corrupting
cosmopolitan	most cosmopolitan
costumed	most costumed
counseling	most counseling
countered	most countered
counterfeited	most counterfeited
counterfeiting	most counterfeiting
counting	most counting
coupling	most coupling
courageous	most courageous
courteous	most courteous
covering	most covering
coveted	most coveted
covetous	most covetous
cowardly	most cowardly
cowed	most cowed
cracked	most cracked
cracking	most cracking
crackling	most crackling
crafted	most crafted
crafting	most crafting
crammed	most crammed
cramped	most cramped
cranking	most cranking
crashed	most crashed
crashing	most crashing
cratered	most cratered
craved	most craved
crawling	most crawling
crazed	most crazed
creaking	most creaking
created	most created
creating	most creating
creative	most creative
credentialed	most credentialed
credible	most credible
credited	most credited
creeping	most creeping
crestfallen	most crestfallen
cricketing	most cricketing
criminal	most criminal
criminalized	most criminalized
crimson	most crimson
cringing	most cringing
crippled	most crippled
crippling	most crippling
critical	most critical
cropped	most cropped
cropping	most cropping
crossing	most crossing
crowded	most crowded
crowned	most crowned
crowning	most crowning
crucial	most crucial
cruising	most cruising
crumbling	most crumbling
crumpled	most crumpled
crunching	most crunching
crusading	most crusading
crushed	most crushed
crushing	most crushing
crying	most crying
crystallized	most crystallized
culled	most culled
culpable	most culpable
cultivated	most cultivated
cultivating	most cultivating
cultural	most cultural
cultured	most cultured
cumbersome	most cumbersome
cured	most cured
curing	most curing
curling	most curling
current	most current
cursed	most cursed
cursing	most cursing
curved	most curved
cushioned	most cushioned
cushioning	most cushioning
customized	most customized
cut	most cut
cutthroat	most cutthroat
cutting	most cutting
cyclical	most cyclical
cycling	most cycling
cynical	most cynical
dabbling	most dabbling
damaging	most damaging
dammed	most dammed
damming	most damming
damning	most damning
damped	most damped
damping	most damping
dancing	most dancing
dangerous	most dangerous
daring	most daring
darkened	most darkened
dashed	most dashed
dashing	most dashing
dated	most dated
dating	most dating
daunting	most daunting
dazed	most dazed
dazzling	most dazzling
deafening	most deafening
dealing	most dealing
dealt	most dealt
debased	most debased
debauched	most debauched
debilitating	most debilitating
debonair	most debonair
debugging	most debugging
debunked	most debunked
decadent	most decadent
decaffeinated	most decaffeinated
decayed	most decayed
decaying	most decaying
deceased	most deceased
deceitful	most deceitful
deceived	most deceived
deceiving	most deceiving
decentralized	most decentralized
deceptive	most deceptive
decided	most decided
deciding	most deciding
decisive	most decisive
decked	most decked
declarative	most declarative
declared	most declared
declined	most declined
decoded	most decoded
decoding	most decoding
decomposed	most decomposed
decorated	most decorated
decorating	most decorating
decorative	most decorative
decorous	most decorous
decrepit	most decrepit
dedicated	most dedicated
defeated	most defeated
defeating	most defeating
defended	most defended
defending	most defending
defenseless	most defenseless
defensible	most defensible
defensive	most defensive
deferred	most deferred
defiant	most defiant
defined	most defined
defining	most defining
definite	most definite
definitive	most definitive
deflated	most deflated
deflating	most deflating
deflected	most deflected
deformed	most deformed
degraded	most degraded
degrading	most degrading
dehumanizing	most dehumanizing
dehydrated	most dehydrated
delayed	most delayed
delectable	most delectable
deliberate	most deliberate
delicate	most delicate
delicious	most delicious
delighted	most delighted
delightful	most delightful
delighting	most delighting
delivered	most delivered
delivering	most delivering
delocalized	most delocalized
deluded	most deluded
delusional	most delusional
demanding	most demanding
demeaning	most demeaning
demented	most demented
democratic	most democratic
demolished	most demolished
demonic	most demonic
demonstrated	most demonstrated
demonstrating	most demonstrating
demonstrative	most demonstrative
demoralized	most demoralized
demoralizing	most demoralizing
demotivating	most demotivating
denounced	most denounced
denouncing	most denouncing
denuded	most denuded
departed	most departed
dependable	most dependable
dependent	most dependent
depicting	most depicting
depleted	most depleted
deployed	most deployed
depopulated	most depopulated
deposited	most deposited
depraved	most depraved
depreciating	most depreciating
depressed	most depressed
depressing	most depressing
deprived	most deprived
deranged	most deranged
deregulated	most deregulated
derived	most derived
descended	most descended
descending	most descending
describing	most describing
descriptive	most descriptive
desecrated	most desecrated
deserted	most deserted
deserved	most deserved
deserving	most deserving
desiccated	most desiccated
designated	most designated
designed	most designed
designing	most designing
desirable	most desirable
desired	most desired
desolate	most desolate
desolated	most desolated
despairing	most despairing
desperate	most desperate
despicable	most despicable
despised	most despised
destabilizing	most destabilizing
destitute	most destitute
destroying	most destroying
destructive	most destructive
detached	most detached
detailed	most detailed
detained	most detained
detected	most detected
deteriorating	most deteriorating
determinate	most determinate
determined	most determined
deterministic	most deterministic
deterring	most deterring
detestable	most detestable
detoxifying	most detoxifying
detrimental	most detrimental
devalued	most devalued
devastated	most devastated
devastating	most devastating
developed	most developed
developing	most developing
developmental	most developmental
deviating	most deviating
devious	most devious
devoted	most devoted
devouring	most devouring
dexterous	most dexterous
diabolical	most diabolical
diagnosed	most diagnosed
dialed	most dialed
diaphanous	most diaphanous
dicey	most dicey
dictatorial	most dictatorial
diecast	most diecast
dieting	most dieting
difficult	most difficult
diffuse	most diffuse
diffused	most diffused
digging	most digging
digitized	most digitized
digitizing	most digitizing
dignified	most dignified
dilapidated	most dilapidated
dilated	most dilated
diligent	most diligent
dilute	most dilute
diluted	most diluted
dimming	most dimming
dimwitted	most dimwitted
diplomatic	most diplomatic
directed	most directed
directional	most directional
disabled	most disabled
disabling	most disabling
disadvantaged	most disadvantaged
disaffected	most disaffected
disagreeable	most disagreeable
disappearing	most disappearing
disappointed	most disappointed
disappointing	most disappointing
disapproving	most disapproving
disarming	most disarming
disastrous	most disastrous
discarded	most discarded
discernible	most discernible
discerning	most discerning
discharged	most discharged
disciplined	most disciplined
disconcerting	most disconcerting
disconsolate	most disconsolate
discontented	most discontented
discontinued	most discontinued
discontinuous	most discontinuous
discounted	most discounted
discouraged	most discouraged
discouraging	most discouraging
discovered	most discovered
discredited	most discredited
discriminating	most discriminating
discussing	most discussing
diseased	most diseased
disembodied	most disembodied
disenfranchised	most disenfranchised
disengaged	most disengaged
disfigured	most disfigured
disfiguring	most disfiguring
disgraced	most disgraced
disgraceful	most disgraceful
disgruntled	most disgruntled
disguised	most disguised
disguising	most disguising
disgusted	most disgusted
disgusting	most disgusting
disheartening	most disheartening
disheveled	most disheveled
dishonest	most dishonest
disillusioned	most disillusioned
disinfecting	most disinfecting
disingenuous	most disingenuous
disinherited	most disinherited
disintegrating	most disintegrating
disinterested	most disinterested
disjointed	most disjointed
dislocated	most dislocated
dismissed	most dismissed
dismissing	most dismissing
dismissive	most dismissive
disordered	most disordered
disorderly	most disorderly
disorganised	most disorganised
disorganized	most disorganized
disoriented	most disoriented
disorienting	most disorienting
disparaging	most disparaging
dispassionate	most dispassionate
dispatching	most dispatching
dispensable	most dispensable
dispensed	most dispensed
dispensing	most dispensing
dispersed	most dispersed
dispersing	most dispersing
displayed	most displayed
displaying	most displaying
disposable	most disposable
dispossessed	most dispossessed
disputed	most disputed
disquieting	most disquieting
disreputable	most disreputable
disrespectful	most disrespectful
disrupting	most disrupting
disruptive	most disruptive
dissected	most dissected
disseminated	most disseminated
dissenting	most dissenting
dissolved	most dissolved
distant	most distant
distasteful	most distasteful
distilled	most distilled
distinctive	most distinctive
distinguishable	most distinguishable
distinguished	most distinguished
distinguishing	most distinguishing
distorted	most distorted
distorting	most distorting
distracted	most distracted
distracting	most distracting
distressed	most distressed
distressing	most distressing
distributed	most distributed
distributing	most distributing
disturbed	most disturbed
disturbing	most disturbing
dithering	most dithering
divergent	most divergent
diversified	most diversified
diversifying	most diversifying
diverted	most diverted
diverting	most diverting
divided	most divided
dividing	most dividing
diving	most diving
divisive	most divisive
divorced	most divorced
dizzying	most dizzying
docile	most docile
docking	most docking
documented	most documented
doddering	most doddering
dogged	most dogged
dogmatic	most dogmatic
domestic	most domestic
domesticated	most domesticated
dominant	most dominant
dominating	most dominating
domineering	most domineering
donated	most donated
doomed	most doomed
dormant	most dormant
doting	most doting
dotted	most dotted
doubting	most doubting
downloaded	most downloaded
drafted	most drafted
drafting	most drafting
dragged	most dragged
dragging	most dragging
drained	most drained
draining	most draining
dramatic	most dramatic
dramatized	most dramatized
drastic	most drastic
drawing	most drawing
drawn	most drawn
dreaded	most dreaded
dreadful	most dreadful
dreaming	most dreaming
dredging	most dredging
drenched	most drenched
drenching	most drenching
dressed	most dressed
dressing	most dressing
dried	most dried
drifting	most drifting
drilled	most drilled
drilling	most drilling
drinking	most drinking
dripping	most dripping
driven	most driven
driving	most driving
droning	most droning
drooling	most drooling
dropped	most dropped
dropping	most dropping
drowned	most drowned
drowning	most drowning
drumming	most drumming
drunken	most drunken
drying	most drying
dubbed	most dubbed
ductile	most ductile
dumped	most dumped
dumping	most dumping
duped	most duped
duplicitous	most duplicitous
durable	most durable
dutiful	most dutiful
dwelling	most dwelling
dyed	most dyed
dying	most dying
dynamic	most dynamic
dysfunctional	most dysfunctional
dyslexic	most dyslexic
earned	most earned
earnest	most earnest
earning	most earning
eased	most eased
easygoing	most easygoing
eating	most eating
eavesdropping	most eavesdropping
ebullient	most ebullient
eccentric	most eccentric
eclectic	most eclectic
edged	most edged
edible	most edible
edited	most edited
educated	most educated
educating	most educating
educational	most educational
effective	most effective
effectual	most effectual
effervescent	most effervescent
efficacious	most efficacious
efficient	most efficient
effortless	most effortless
effusive	most effusive
egalitarian	most egalitarian
egocentric	most egocentric
egotistical	most egotistical
elaborate	most elaborate
elastic	most elastic
elected	most elected
electric	most electric
electrified	most electrified
electrifying	most electrifying
elegant	most elegant
elementary	most elementary
elevated	most elevated
elicited	most elicited
eliminated	most eliminated
elitist	most elitist
elliptical	most elliptical
elongated	most elongated
eloquent	most eloquent
elusive	most elusive
emaciated	most emaciated
emailed	most emailed
emancipated	most emancipated
embarrassed	most embarrassed
embarrassing	most embarrassing
embattled	most embattled
embedded	most embedded
embellished	most embellished
embittered	most embittered
embodied	most embodied
embroidered	most embroidered
emerging	most emerging
emigrating	most emigrating
eminent	most eminent
emitted	most emitted
emitting	most emitting
emotional	most emotional
emotionless	most emotionless
emphasizing	most emphasizing
emphatic	most emphatic
employed	most employed
employing	most employing
empowered	most empowered
empowering	most empowering
enabling	most enabling
enacted	most enacted
enchanted	most enchanted
enchanting	most enchanting
enclosed	most enclosed
enclosing	most enclosing
encoded	most encoded
encoding	most encoding
encompassing	most encompassing
encouraging	most encouraging
encrusted	most encrusted
encrypted	most encrypted
endangered	most endangered
endangering	most endangering
endearing	most endearing
endorsed	most endorsed
endowed	most endowed
endurable	most endurable
enduring	most enduring
energetic	most energetic
energized	most energized
energizing	most energizing
enforceable	most enforceable
enforced	most enforced
engaging	most engaging
engineered	most engineered
engineering	most engineering
engorged	most engorged
engraved	most engraved
engraving	most engraving
engrossing	most engrossing
engulfing	most engulfing
enhanced	most enhanced
enhancing	most enhancing
enigmatic	most enigmatic
enjoyable	most enjoyable
enjoyed	most enjoyed
enjoying	most enjoying
enlarged	most enlarged
enlarging	most enlarging
enlightened	most enlightened
enlightening	most enlightening
enlisted	most enlisted
ennobled	most ennobled
enormous	most enormous
enraged	most enraged
enriched	most enriched
enriching	most enriching
enrolled	most enrolled
enslaved	most enslaved
enslaving	most enslaving
entangled	most entangled
enterprising	most enterprising
entertained	most entertained
entertaining	most entertaining
enthralling	most enthralling
enthused	most enthused
enthusiastic	most enthusiastic
enticing	most enticing
entrancing	most entrancing
entrenched	most entrenched
enveloping	most enveloping
ephemeral	most ephemeral
equipped	most equipped
equivocal	most equivocal
erect	most erect
erected	most erected
eroded	most eroded
erotic	most erotic
erratic	most erratic
erring	most erring
erudite	most erudite
escaped	most escaped
escaping	most escaping
esoteric	most esoteric
essential	most essential
established	most established
esteemed	most esteemed
estimated	most estimated
estimating	most estimating
estranged	most estranged
etched	most etched
etching	most etching
eternal	most eternal
ethereal	most ethereal
ethical	most ethical
euphoric	most euphoric
evacuated	most evacuated
evaluated	most evaluated
evanescent	most evanescent
evangelical	most evangelical
evaporative	most evaporative
evenhanded	most evenhanded
eventful	most eventful
everlasting	most everlasting
everyday	most everyday
evocative	most evocative
evolved	most evolved
evolving	most evolving
exacting	most exacting
exaggerated	most exaggerated
exalted	most exalted
exalting	most exalting
examined	most examined
examining	most examining
exasperated	most exasperated
exasperating	most exasperating
excavated	most excavated
excelling	most excelling
exchanged	most exchanged
excitable	most excitable
excited	most excited
exciting	most exciting
excluded	most excluded
exclusive	most exclusive
excreted	most excreted
excruciating	most excruciating
executed	most executed
executing	most executing
exempt	most exempt
exercised	most exercised
exhausted	most exhausted
exhausting	most exhausting
exhaustive	most exhaustive
exhibited	most exhibited
exhibiting	most exhibiting
exhilarating	most exhilarating
exiled	most exiled
exotic	most exotic
expanded	most expanded
expanding	most expanding
expansive	most expansive
expectant	most expectant
expected	most expected
expedient	most expedient
expedited	most expedited
expelled	most expelled
expendable	most expendable
expensive	most expensive
experienced	most experienced
experimental	most experimental
experimenting	most experimenting
expert	most expert
expired	most expired
explaining	most explaining
explicit	most explicit
exploded	most exploded
exploding	most exploding
exploited	most exploited
exploiting	most exploiting
explored	most explored
exploring	most exploring
explosive	most explosive
exported	most exported
exporting	most exporting
exposed	most exposed
exposing	most exposing
expressed	most expressed
expressing	most expressing
expressionless	most expressionless
expressive	most expressive
exquisite	most exquisite
extended	most extended
extending	most extending
extensive	most extensive
extinct	most extinct
extracted	most extracted
extracting	most extracting
extraordinary	most extraordinary
extravagant	most extravagant
extraverted	most extraverted
extruded	most extruded
exuberant	most exuberant
fabled	most fabled
fabricated	most fabricated
faceless	most faceless
faceted	most faceted
facilitating	most facilitating
factual	most factual
faddish	most faddish
faded	most faded
fading	most fading
failed	most failed
failing	most failing
faithful	most faithful
fake	most fake
faked	most faked
fallible	most fallible
falling	most falling
false	least true
falsified	most falsified
faltering	most faltering
familiar	most familiar
famished	most famished
famous	most famous
fanatic	most fanatic
fantastic	most fantastic
farfetched	most farfetched
farmed	most farmed
farming	most farming
farseeing	most farseeing
farsighted	most farsighted
fascinated	most fascinated
fascinating	most fascinating
fashionable	most fashionable
fashioned	most fashioned
fast	fastest
fastening	most fastening
fastidious	most fastidious
fasting	most fasting
fatal	most fatal
fatalistic	most fatalistic
fatigued	most fatigued
fattening	most fattening
faultless	most faultless
favored	most favored
fawning	most fawning
feared	most feared
fearless	most fearless
fearsome	most fearsome
feathered	most feathered
feathery	most feathery
featured	most featured
featureless	most featureless
feckless	most feckless
fecund	most fecund
feeding	most feeding
feeling	most feeling
felicitous	most felicitous
felt	most felt
female	most female
feminine	most feminine
fenced	most fenced
fencing	most fencing
feral	most feral
fermented	most fermented
ferocious	most ferocious
fertile	most fertile
fertilized	most fertilized
fertilizing	most fertilizing
fervent	most fervent
festering	most festering
festive	most festive
fetching	most fetching
feted	most feted
fetid	most fetid
fevered	most fevered
fictional	most fictional
fictionalized	most fictionalized
fiddling	most fiddling
fidgety	most fidgety
fielded	most fielded
fielding	most fielding
fighting	most fighting
filed	most filed
filing	most filing
filled	most filled
filling	most filling
filmed	most filmed
filming	most filming
filmmaking	most filmmaking
filtered	most filtered
filtering	most filtering
financed	most financed
financing	most financing
finding	most finding
finishing	most finishing
finite	most finite
fired	most fired
firefighting	most firefighting
fireproof	most fireproof
firing	most firing
fishing	most fishing
fitted	most fitted
fitting	most fitting
fixed	most fixed
fixing	most fixing
flaccid	most flaccid
flakey	most flakey
flamboyant	most flamboyant
flaming	most flaming
flared	most flared
flaring	most flaring
flashing	most flashing
flattened	most flattened
flattering	most flattering
flavored	most flavored
flavorful	most flavorful
flawed	most flawed
flawless	most flawless
fleeing	most fleeing
fleeting	most fleeting
flexed	most flexed
flexible	most flexible
flipped	most flipped
flirtatious	most flirtatious
floated	most floated
floating	most floating
flooded	most flooded
flooding	most flooding
flourishing	most flourishing
flouted	most flouted
flowered	most flowered
flowering	most flowering
flowing	most flowing
fluctuating	most fluctuating
fluent	most fluent
fluid	most fluid
flushing	most flushing
flustered	most flustered
fluttering	most fluttering
flying	most flying
foaming	most foaming
focused	most focused
focusing	most focusing
focussed	most focussed
foldable	most foldable
folded	most folded
folding	most folding
followed	most followed
following	most following
foolish	most foolish
foraging	most foraging
forbidden	most forbidden
forbidding	most forbidding
forced	most forced
forceful	most forceful
foreboding	most foreboding
forecasting	most forecasting
foreclosed	most foreclosed
foreign	most foreign
forested	most forested
forged	most forged
forgetful	most forgetful
forgettable	most forgettable
forging	most forging
forgiving	most forgiving
forlorn	most forlorn
formal	most formal
formalized	most formalized
formative	most formative
formatted	most formatted
formidable	most formidable
formless	most formless
formulaic	most formulaic
formulated	most formulated
fortified	most fortified
fortifying	most fortifying
fortunate	most fortunate
forwarded	most forwarded
fossilized	most fossilized
fostered	most fostered
fought	most fought
fouled	most fouled
founding	most founding
fractured	most fractured
fragile	most fragile
fragmented	most fragmented
fragrant	most fragrant
framed	most framed
franchised	most franchised
frantic	most frantic
frayed	most frayed
freed	most freed
freeing	most freeing
freestanding	most freestanding
freewheeling	most freewheeling
freezing	most freezing
frenzied	most frenzied
frequented	most frequented
fretted	most fretted
fried	most fried
frightened	most frightened
frightening	most frightening
frigid	most frigid
frivolous	most frivolous
frolicsome	most frolicsome
frosting	most frosting
frothing	most frothing
frozen	most frozen
fruitless	most fruitless
frustrated	most frustrated
frustrating	most frustrating
frying	most frying
fueled	most fueled
fueling	most fueling
fulfilled	most fulfilled
fulfilling	most fulfilling
fumbling	most fumbling
functional	most functional
functioning	most functioning
funded	most funded
funding	most funding
fundraising	most fundraising
furious	most furious
furnished	most furnished
furnishing	most furnishing
furtive	most furtive
fused	most fused
futile	most futile
gagged	most gagged
gained	most gained
gallant	most gallant
galling	most galling
galvanized	most galvanized
gambling	most gambling
gaming	most gaming
gaping	most gaping
gardening	most gardening
garlanded	most garlanded
garnered	most garnered
garrulous	most garrulous
gated	most gated
gathering	most gathering
gauging	most gauging
geared	most geared
general	most general
generalized	most generalized
generating	most generating
generous	most generous
genuine	most genuine
geometric	most geometric
giant	most giant
gifted	most gifted
gigantic	most gigantic
gilded	most gilded
ginger	most ginger
girlish	most girlish
giving	most giving
glaciated	most glaciated
glamorous	most glamorous
glaring	most glaring
glazed	most glazed
glazing	most glazing
gleaming	most gleaming
gliding	most gliding
glimmering	most glimmering
glistening	most glistening
glittering	most glittering
glorified	most glorified
glorifying	most glorifying
glorious	most glorious
glowing	most glowing
glued	most glued
gluttonous	most gluttonous
gnarled	most gnarled
gnawing	most gnawing
gold	most gold
golfing	most golfing
gooey	most gooey
gorgeous	most gorgeous
gossipy	most gossipy
governed	most governed
governing	most governing
grabbing	most grabbing
graceful	most graceful
graceless	most graceless
gracious	most gracious
graded	most graded
grading	most grading
gradual	most gradual
graduated	most graduated
graduating	most graduating
grandiose	most grandiose
granted	most granted
granulated	most granulated
grappling	most grappling
grasping	most grasping
gratifying	most gratifying
grating	most grating
grazed	most grazed
grazing	most grazing
greeted	most greeted
greeting	most greeting
gregarious	most gregarious
grieved	most grieved
grieving	most grieving
grilled	most grilled
grilling	most grilling
grinding	most grinding
gripped	most gripped
gripping	most gripping
grizzled	most grizzled
groomed	most groomed
grooming	most grooming
grooving	most grooving
ground	most ground
groundbreaking	most groundbreaking
grounded	most grounded
groveling	most groveling
growing	most growing
grudging	most grudging
grueling	most grueling
gruesome	most gruesome
grumbling	most grumbling
guaranteed	most guaranteed
guarded	most guarded
guided	most guided
guiding	most guiding
guileless	most guileless
gullible	most gullible
gushing	most gushing
gutted	most gutted
gutting	most gutting
guttural	most guttural
hacked	most hacked
hacking	most hacking
hackneyed	most hackneyed
hailed	most hailed
hairless	most hairless
hallowed	most hallowed
halved	most halved
hammered	most hammered
hammering	most hammering
handcrafted	most handcrafted
handicapped	most handicapped
handicapping	most handicapping
handled	most handled
handling	most handling
hanging	most hanging
harassed	most harassed
harassing	most harassing
hardboiled	most hardboiled
hardened	most hardened
hardening	most hardening
hardheaded	most hardheaded
hardworking	most hardworking
harebrained	most harebrained
harmful	most harmful
harmless	most harmless
harmonious	most harmonious
harmonized	most harmonized
harnessed	most harnessed
harried	most harried
harrowing	most harrowing
harvested	most harvested
harvesting	most harvesting
hashed	most hashed
hashing	most hashing
hatched	most hatched
hatching	most hatching
hated	most hated
hateful	most hateful
hating	most hating
hauling	most hauling
haunted	most haunted
haunting	most haunting
hazardous	most hazardous
headed	most headed
healed	most healed
healing	most healing
healthful	most healthful
heartbreaking	most heartbreaking
heartless	most heartless
heartrending	most heartrending
heartwarming	most heartwarming
heated	most heated
heating	most heating
hectic	most hectic
hedged	most hedged
hedonistic	most hedonistic
heightened	most heightened
heinous	most heinous
helpful	most helpful
helping	most helping
helpless	most helpless
herding	most herding
herniated	most herniated
heroic	most heroic
heterosexual	most heterosexual
hibernating	most hibernating
hidden	most hidden
hideous	most hideous
hiding	most hiding
hierarchical	most hierarchical
highlighted	most highlighted
highlighting	most highlighting
hightech	most hightech
hijacked	most hijacked
hiking	most hiking
hindering	most hindering
hinged	most hinged
hired	most hired
hiring	most hiring
hirsute	most hirsute
historical	most historical
hitting	most hitting
hoarded	most hoarded
hokey	most hokey
holding	most holding
hollowed	most hollowed
homeless	most homeless
homey	most homey
homing	most homing
homogeneous	most homogeneous
homogenized	most homogenized
homogenous	most homogenous
honed	most honed
honeyed	most honeyed
honorable	most honorable
honored	most honored
honoured	most honoured
hooded	most hooded
hooked	most hooked
hooking	most hooking
hopeful	most hopeful
hopeless	most hopeless
hoping	most hoping
hopping	most hopping
horizontal	most horizontal
horned	most horned
horrible	most horrible
horrid	most horrid
horrifying	most horrifying
hospitable	most hospitable
hospitalized	most hospitalized
hosted	most hosted
hostile	most hostile
hosting	most hosting
hotheaded	most hotheaded
housekeeping	most housekeeping
hovering	most hovering
howling	most howling
hulking	most hulking
humanized	most humanized
humanizing	most humanizing
humdrum	most humdrum
humid	most humid
humiliated	most humiliated
humiliating	most humiliating
humming	most humming
humorless	most humorless
humorous	most humorous
humourless	most humourless
hunted	most hunted
hunting	most hunting
hurried	most hurried
hurting	most hurting
hushed	most hushed
hustling	most hustling
hybridized	most hybridized
hydrating	most hydrating
hygienic	most hygienic
hyped	most hyped
hyperactive	most hyperactive
hyperlinked	most hyperlinked
hypnotic	most hypnotic
iced	most iced
icing	most icing
icy	most icy
ideal	most ideal
idealistic	most idealistic
idealized	most idealized
identifiable	most identifiable
identified	most identified
identifying	most identifying
idolized	most idolized
ignited	most ignited
ignorant	most ignorant
ill	most ill
illegal	most illegal
illiterate	most illiterate
illuminated	most illuminated
illuminating	most illuminating
illusive	most illusive
illusory	most illusory
illustrated	most illustrated
illustrating	most illustrating
illustrative	most illustrative
imaginative	most imaginative
imagined	most imagined
imaging	most imaging
imbalanced	most imbalanced
imbedded	most imbedded
imitative	most imitative
immaculate	most immaculate
immanent	most immanent
immaterial	most immaterial
immature	most immature
immediate	most immediate
immense	most immense
immersed	most immersed
immobile	most immobile
immodest	most immodest
immoral	most immoral
immortal	most immortal
immovable	most immovable
immoveable	most immoveable
immunocompromised	most immunocompromised
immunosuppressed	most immunosuppressed
immutable	most immutable
impacted	most impacted
impacting	most impacting
impaired	most impaired
impairing	most impairing
impartial	most impartial
impassioned	most impassioned
impatient	most impatient
impeached	most impeached
impeccable	most impeccable
impending	most impending
impenetrable	most impenetrable
imperative	most imperative
imperceptible	most imperceptible
imperfect	most imperfect
imperious	most imperious
impermanent	most impermanent
impermeable	most impermeable
impersonal	most impersonal
imperturbable	most imperturbable
impervious	most impervious
impish	most impish
implacable	most implacable
implanted	most implanted
implausible	most implausible
implemented	most implemented
implementing	most implementing
implied	most implied
impolite	most impolite
important	most important
imported	most imported
importing	most importing
imposed	most imposed
imposing	most imposing
impossible	most impossible
impotent	most impotent
impoverished	most impoverished
impractical	most impractical
impregnable	most impregnable
impressed	most impressed
impressing	most impressing
impressionable	most impressionable
impressive	most impressive
imprinted	most imprinted
imprisoned	most imprisoned
improbable	most improbable
improvident	most improvident
improvised	most improvised
improvising	most improvising
imprudent	most imprudent
impudent	most impudent
inaccessible	most inaccessible
inaccurate	most inaccurate
inactive	most inactive
inadequate	most inadequate
inanimate	most inanimate
inarticulate	most inarticulate
inattentive	most inattentive
inauspicious	most inauspicious
inbred	most inbred
incapable	most incapable
incapacitated	most incapacitated
incapacitating	most incapacitating
incarcerated	most incarcerated
incendiary	most incendiary
incessant	most incessant
incidental	most incidental
incisive	most incisive
inclined	most inclined
inclusive	most inclusive
incoherent	most incoherent
incoming	most incoming
incompetent	most incompetent
incomplete	most incomplete
incomprehensible	most incomprehensible
inconclusive	most inconclusive
incongruous	most incongruous
inconsequential	most inconsequential
inconsiderable	most inconsiderable
inconsistent	most inconsistent
inconspicuous	most inconspicuous
incontinent	most incontinent
inconvenient	most inconvenient
incorporated	most incorporated
incorrect	most incorrect
incorrigible	most incorrigible
incredible	most incredible
incredulous	most incredulous
incriminating	most incriminating
indecipherable	most indecipherable
indecisive	most indecisive
indefinite	most indefinite
indented	most indented
indentured	most indentured
independent	most independent
indestructible	most indestructible
indeterminate	most indeterminate
indexed	most indexed
indexing	most indexing
indicated	most indicated
indicating	most indicating
indicted	most indicted
indigestible	most indigestible
indiscriminate	most indiscriminate
indispensable	most indispensable
indistinct	most indistinct
individual	most individual
indoctrinated	most indoctrinated
indomitable	most indomitable
induced	most induced
indulged	most indulged
industrialized	most industrialized
industrious	most industrious
inebriated	most inebriated
ineffective	most ineffective
ineffectual	most ineffectual
inelastic	most inelastic
inelegant	most inelegant
inert	most inert
inescapable	most inescapable
inevitable	most inevitable
inexpensive	most inexpensive
inexperienced	most inexperienced
inexplicable	most inexplicable
infallible	most infallible
infamous	most infamous
infatuated	most infatuated
infected	most infected
infecting	most infecting
infectious	most infectious
inferior	most inferior
infertile	most infertile
infested	most infested
infiltrating	most infiltrating
infinite	most infinite
inflamed	most inflamed
inflated	most inflated
inflexible	most inflexible
inflicted	most inflicted
influencing	most influencing
influential	most influential
informal	most informal
informative	most informative
informed	most informed
informing	most informing
infuriated	most infuriated
infused	most infused
ingenious	most ingenious
ingenuous	most ingenuous
ingrained	most ingrained
inhabited	most inhabited
inhabiting	most inhabiting
inhaled	most inhaled
inherited	most inherited
inhospitable	most inhospitable
inhuman	most inhuman
initiated	most initiated
injected	most injected
injecting	most injecting
injured	most injured
inked	most inked
innate	most innate
innocuous	most innocuous
innovating	most innovating
inoffensive	most inoffensive
inorganic	most inorganic
inquiring	most inquiring
inquisitive	most inquisitive
insatiable	most insatiable
inscribed	most inscribed
inscrutable	most inscrutable
insecure	most insecure
insensate	most insensate
insensible	most insensible
insensitive	most insensitive
inseparable	most inseparable
inserted	most inserted
insidious	most insidious
insightful	most insightful
insignificant	most insignificant
insinuating	most insinuating
insistent	most insistent
inspected	most inspected
inspired	most inspired
inspiring	most inspiring
installed	most installed
instant	most instant
instantaneous	most instantaneous
instinctive	most instinctive
institutionalized	most institutionalized
instructing	most instructing
instructive	most instructive
insubstantial	most insubstantial
insufficient	most insufficient
insular	most insular
insulated	most insulated
insulating	most insulating
insulting	most insulting
insured	most insured
insurmountable	most insurmountable
intangible	most intangible
integrated	most integrated
integrating	most integrating
intellectual	most intellectual
intelligent	most intelligent
intended	most intended
intensified	most intensified
intensive	most intensive
intent	most intent
interacting	most interacting
interactive	most interactive
intercepted	most intercepted
interconnected	most interconnected
interested	most interested
interesting	most interesting
interfering	most interfering
interlocking	most interlocking
intermediate	most intermediate
international	most international
interpreted	most interpreted
interpreting	most interpreting
interrelated	most interrelated
interrupted	most interrupted
intertwined	most intertwined
intervening	most intervening
interviewed	most interviewed
interviewing	most interviewing
intimate	most intimate
intimidating	most intimidating
intoxicated	most intoxicated
intoxicating	most intoxicating
intractable	most intractable
intrepid	most intrepid
intricate	most intricate
intriguing	most intriguing
introverted	most introverted
intrusive	most intrusive
intuitive	most intuitive
inundated	most inundated
invading	most invading
invasive	most invasive
invented	most invented
inventive	most inventive
inverted	most inverted
invested	most invested
investigated	most investigated
investigating	most investigating
investing	most investing
invigorating	most invigorating
inviolable	most inviolable
invisible	most invisible
invited	most invited
inviting	most inviting
invoked	most invoked
involuntary	most involuntary
involved	most involved
invulnerable	most invulnerable
ionized	most ionized
ionizing	most ionizing
irate	most irate
iridescent	most iridescent
irksome	most irksome
irradiated	most irradiated
irrational	most irrational
irregular	most irregular
irrelevant	most irrelevant
irreligious	most irreligious
irreplaceable	most irreplaceable
irrepressible	most irrepressible
irresistible	most irresistible
irresponsible	most irresponsible
irreverent	most irreverent
irreversible	most irreversible
irrevocable	most irrevocable
irrigated	most irrigated
irritable	most irritable
irritating	most irritating
isolated	most isolated
issued	most issued
issuing	most issuing
itching	most itching
itemized	most itemized
jaded	most jaded
jagged	most jagged
jailed	most jailed
jammed	most jammed
jamming	most jamming
jarring	most jarring
jaundiced	most jaundiced
jealous	most jealous
jeopardized	most jeopardized
jittery	most jittery
jocular	most jocular
jogging	most jogging
jolting	most jolting
joyous	most joyous
judged	most judged
judging	most judging
juggling	most juggling
juiced	most juiced
jumbled	most jumbled
jumping	most jumping
junior	most junior
juried	most juried
justified	most justified
kayaking	most kayaking
keyed	most keyed
kicked	most kicked
kicking	most kicking
kidnapping	most kidnapping
killed	most killed
killing	most killing
kindhearted	most kindhearted
kindled	most kindled
kissing	most kissing
knitted	most knitted
knitting	most knitting
knotted	most knotted
knowledgeable	most knowledgeable
kosher	most kosher
labeled	most labeled
labeling	most labeling
labelled	most labelled
laboring	most laboring
labyrinthine	most labyrinthine
laced	most laced
laconic	most laconic
lacquered	most lacquered
lactating	most lactating
ladylike	most ladylike
laid	most laid
laidback	most laidback
lambent	most lambent
lamenting	most lamenting
laminated	most laminated
landed	most landed
landing	most landing
landscaped	most landscaped
landscaping	most landscaping
languid	most languid
languishing	most languishing
lasting	most lasting
laughable	most laughable
laughing	most laughing
launched	most launched
launching	most launching
lawmaking	most lawmaking
layered	most layered
laying	most laying
leaded	most leaded
leaden	most leaden
leading	most leading
leaked	most leaked
leaking	most leaking
leaning	most leaning
leaping	most leaping
learned	most learned
learning	most learning
leased	most leased
leasing	most leasing
leathery	most leathery
lecherous	most lecherous
lecturing	most lecturing
leering	most leering
left	most left
legal	most legal
legalized	most legalized
legible	most legible
legislated	most legislated
legitimate	most legitimate
leisurely	most leisurely
lending	most lending
lent	most lent
lethal	most lethal
lethargic	most lethargic
leveled	most leveled
leveraged	most leveraged
liable	most liable
liberal	most liberal
liberalizing	most liberalizing
liberated	most liberated
liberating	most liberating
licensed	most licensed
licensing	most licensing
lifeless	most lifeless
lifesaving	most lifesaving
lifted	most lifted
lifting	most lifting
lighted	most lighted
lighthearted	most lighthearted
lighting	most lighting
lightweight	most lightweight
likable	most likable
lilting	most lilting
limber	most limber
limited	most limited
limiting	most limiting
limitless	most limitless
limpid	most limpid
linear	most linear
lined	most lined
lingering	most lingering
linked	most linked
linking	most linking
lipophilic	most lipophilic
liquid	most liquid
listed	most listed
listening	most listening
listing	most listing
listless	most listless
literal	most literal
littered	most littered
livable	most livable
livid	most livid
living	most living
loaded	most loaded
loading	most loading
loaned	most loaned
loathsome	most loathsome
lobbied	most lobbied
lobbying	most lobbying
local	most local
localized	most localized
locked	most locked
locking	most locking
lodging	most lodging
lofted	most lofted
logged	most logged
logging	most logging
logical	most logical
longhaired	most longhaired
longing	most longing
longstanding	most longstanding
longwinded	most longwinded
looming	most looming
looted	most looted
looting	most looting
lopsided	most lopsided
losing	most losing
lovable	most lovable
loveable	most loveable
loved	most loved
loving	most loving
lowering	most lowering
lubricated	most lubricated
lubricating	most lubricating
lubricious	most lubricious
lucid	most lucid
lucrative	most lucrative
ludicrous	most ludicrous
lumbering	most lumbering
luminescent	most luminescent
luminous	most luminous
luring	most luring
luscious	most luscious
lustrous	most lustrous
luxurious	most luxurious
lying	most lying
lyrical	most lyrical
macabre	most macabre
machined	most machined
macho	most macho
maddening	most maddening
magical	most magical
magisterial	most magisterial
magnificent	most magnificent
magnified	most magnified
mailed	most mailed
maintained	most maintained
maintaining	most maintaining
majestic	most majestic
major	most major
making	most making
malformed	most malformed
malicious	most malicious
malignant	most malignant
malleable	most malleable
malnourished	most malnourished
managed	most managed
managing	most managing
mandated	most mandated
maneuverable	most maneuverable
mangled	most mangled
manicured	most manicured
manifested	most manifested
manipulated	most manipulated
manipulating	most manipulating
manipulative	most manipulative
manned	most manned
manoeuvrable	most manoeuvrable
manufactured	most manufactured
manufacturing	most manufacturing
mapped	most mapped
mapping	most mapping
marbled	most marbled
marbling	most marbling
marching	most marching
marginalized	most marginalized
marked	most marked
marketed	most marketed
marketing	most marketing
marking	most marking
married	most married
marrying	most marrying
marshalling	most marshalling
martyred	most martyred
masculine	most masculine
mashed	most mashed
masked	most masked
massive	most massive
mastered	most mastered
masterful	most masterful
mastering	most mastering
matching	most matching
materialized	most materialized
mathematical	most mathematical
mating	most mating
matted	most matted
matured	most matured
maturing	most maturing
meager	most meager
meandering	most meandering
meaningful	most meaningful
meaningless	most meaningless
measured	most measured
measuring	most measuring
mechanical	most mechanical
mechanized	most mechanized
meddling	most meddling
meditative	most meditative
meeting	most meeting
melodic	most melodic
melodious	most melodious
melodramatic	most melodramatic
melted	most melted
melting	most melting
memorable	most memorable
memorized	most memorized
menacing	most menacing
mentoring	most mentoring
merchandising	most merchandising
merciful	most merciful
merciless	most merciless
mercurial	most mercurial
merited	most merited
mesmerizing	most mesmerizing
metallic	most metallic
metered	most metered
methodical	most methodical
meticulous	most meticulous
microscopic	most microscopic
midwestern	most midwestern
migrating	most migrating
milled	most milled
milling	most milling
mindless	most mindless
mined	most mined
mineralized	most mineralized
miniaturized	most miniaturized
mining	most mining
miniscule	most miniscule
minor	most minor
minuscule	most minuscule
miraculous	most miraculous
mirrored	most mirrored
misbehaving	most misbehaving
mischievous	most mischievous
misdirected	most misdirected
miserable	most miserable
misguided	most misguided
misleading	most misleading
mismatched	most mismatched
misplaced	most misplaced
misshapen	most misshapen
mistreated	most mistreated
mixed	most mixed
mixing	most mixing
mobbed	most mobbed
mobile	most mobile
mobilized	most mobilized
mocking	most mocking
modeling	most modeling
moderated	most moderated
modern	most modern
modernized	most modernized
modified	most modified
modulated	most modulated
moisturizing	most moisturizing
molded	most molded
molding	most molding
molested	most molested
moneyed	most moneyed
moneymaking	most moneymaking
monitored	most monitored
monitoring	most monitoring
monochromatic	most monochromatic
monotonous	most monotonous
monstrous	most monstrous
mooring	most mooring
moral	most moral
moralizing	most moralizing
morbid	most morbid
mordant	most mordant
moronic	most moronic
morphing	most morphing
mortal	most mortal
motionless	most motionless
motivated	most motivated
motivating	most motivating
motley	most motley
motoring	most motoring
motorized	most motorized
moulded	most moulded
mounted	most mounted
mounting	most mounting
mournful	most mournful
mouthwatering	most mouthwatering
movable	most movable
moving	most moving
mowing	most mowing
muddled	most muddled
muffled	most muffled
multicolored	most multicolored
multifaceted	most multifaceted
multithreaded	most multithreaded
mundane	most mundane
murdered	most murdered
murmured	most murmured
muscled	most muscled
muscular	most muscular
musical	most musical
mutable	most mutable
mutated	most mutated
muted	most muted
mutilated	most mutilated
myopic	most myopic
mysterious	most mysterious
mystifying	most mystifying
mythological	most mythological
nagging	most nagging
nailbiting	most nailbiting
named	most named
naming	most naming
narrowminded	most narrowminded
national	most national
nationalized	most nationalized
natural	most natural
naturalized	most naturalized
nauseating	most nauseating
nebulous	most nebulous
needed	most needed
negative	most negative
neglected	most neglected
negligible	most negligible
negotiated	most negotiated
negotiating	most negotiating
neighboring	most neighboring
neoclassical	most neoclassical
nerveless	most nerveless
nervewracking	most nervewracking
nervous	most nervous
nested	most nested
nesting	most nesting
netting	most netting
networked	most networked
neurotic	most neurotic
neutered	most neutered
neutral	most neutral
niggling	most niggling
nocturnal	most nocturnal
nodding	most nodding
noiseless	most noiseless
nominated	most nominated
nonchalant	most nonchalant
nonconforming	most nonconforming
nondescript	most nondescript
nonviolent	most nonviolent
normal	most normal
normalized	most normalized
normalizing	most normalizing
nostalgic	most nostalgic
notable	most notable
noticeable	most noticeable
nourishing	most nourishing
noxious	most noxious
nuanced	most nuanced
nucleated	most nucleated
numbered	most numbered
numbing	most numbing
numerate	most numerate
nursing	most nursing
nurtured	most nurtured
nurturing	most nurturing
nutritious	most nutritious
nuts	most nuts
obedient	most obedient
obese	most obese
obeyed	most obeyed
objective	most objective
obligated	most obligated
obligatory	most obligatory
obliging	most obliging
oblique	most oblique
oblivious	most oblivious
oblong	most oblong
obnoxious	most obnoxious
obscene	most obscene
obsequious	most obsequious
observant	most observant
observing	most observing
obsessed	most obsessed
obsolete	most obsolete
obstinate	most obstinate
obtuse	most obtuse
obvious	most obvious
occupied	most occupied
occupying	most occupying
oceangoing	most oceangoing
odious	most odious
offended	most offended
offending	most offending
offensive	most offensive
offered	most offered
official	most official
oiled	most oiled
ominous	most ominous
omnivorous	most omnivorous
oncoming	most oncoming
onesided	most onesided
onstage	most onstage
opaque	most opaque
opened	most opened
opening	most opening
operated	most operated
operating	most operating
opinionated	most opinionated
opposed	most opposed
opposing	most opposing
oppressed	most oppressed
oppressing	most oppressing
oppressive	most oppressive
optimistic	most optimistic
optimized	most optimized
optional	most optional
orange	most orange
orbiting	most orbiting
orchestrated	most orchestrated
ordained	most ordained
ordered	most ordered
ordering	most ordering
orderly	most orderly
organic	most organic
organised	most organised
organized	most organized
organizing	most organizing
oriented	most oriented
orienteering	most orienteering
original	most original
ornamented	most ornamented
ornate	most ornate
orphaned	most orphaned
oscillating	most oscillating
ostentatious	most ostentatious
outcast	most outcast
outdated	most outdated
outgoing	most outgoing
outlawed	most outlawed
outlying	most outlying
outmoded	most outmoded
outraged	most outraged
outsourced	most outsourced
outsourcing	most outsourcing
outspoken	most outspoken
overachieving	most overachieving
overarching	most overarching
overbearing	most overbearing
overburdened	most overburdened
overcrowded	most overcrowded
overdue	most overdue
overexposed	most overexposed
overextended	most overextended
overflowing	most overflowing
overhanging	most overhanging
overheated	most overheated
overheating	most overheating
overloaded	most overloaded
overlooked	most overlooked
overlooking	most overlooking
overplayed	most overplayed
overpopulated	most overpopulated
overpowering	most overpowering
overpriced	most overpriced
overreaching	most overreaching
overseas	most overseas
oversimplified	most oversimplified
oversized	most oversized
overstretched	most overstretched
overstuffed	most overstuffed
overt	most overt
overtaking	most overtaking
overturned	most overturned
overused	most overused
overweening	most overweening
overwhelmed	most overwhelmed
overwhelming	most overwhelming
overworked	most overworked
owed	most owed
owing	most owing
owned	most owned
owning	most owning
oxidizing	most oxidizing
packaged	most packaged
packaging	most packaging
packed	most packed
packing	most packing
padded	most padded
padding	most padding
paddling	most paddling
paging	most paging
paid	most paid
pained	most pained
painless	most painless
painstaking	most painstaking
painted	most painted
painting	most painting
pallid	most pallid
palpable	most palpable
palpitating	most palpitating
pampered	most pampered
pampering	most pampering
pandering	most pandering
paneled	most paneled
panicked	most panicked
paralyzed	most paralyzed
paralyzing	most paralyzing
parameterized	most parameterized
paranoid	most paranoid
parasitic	most parasitic
parasitized	most parasitized
parched	most parched
parenting	most parenting
parked	most parked
parking	most parking
parsing	most parsing
participating	most participating
partisan	most partisan
partitioning	most partitioning
partnering	most partnering
partying	most partying
passed	most passed
passing	most passing
passionate	most passionate
passionless	most passionless
passive	most passive
pastured	most pastured
patched	most patched
patented	most patented
patenting	most patenting
pathetic	most pathetic
patriotic	most patriotic
patrolled	most patrolled
patterned	most patterned
paved	most paved
paying	most paying
peaked	most peaked
peculiar	most peculiar
pedestrian	most pedestrian
pedigreed	most pedigreed
peering	most peering
peevish	most peevish
penalizing	most penalizing
penetrating	most penetrating
penned	most penned
peppered	most peppered
perceived	most perceived
perceptible	most perceptible
perceptive	most perceptive
percussive	most percussive
perennial	most perennial
perfected	most perfected
perforated	most perforated
performed	most performed
performing	most performing
perfumed	most perfumed
perilous	most perilous
periodic	most periodic
peripheral	most peripheral
perishable	most perishable
permanent	most permanent
permeable	most permeable
permitting	most permitting
pernicious	most pernicious
perpendicular	most perpendicular
perpetrated	most perpetrated
perpetuated	most perpetuated
perplexed	most perplexed
perplexing	most perplexing
persecuted	most persecuted
persecuting	most persecuting
persevering	most persevering
persistent	most persistent
personal	most personal
personalized	most personalized
personified	most personified
persuading	most persuading
persuasive	most persuasive
pertinacious	most pertinacious
pervading	most pervading
pervasive	most pervasive
perverted	most perverted
petite	most petite
petrified	most petrified
petted	most petted
philosophical	most philosophical
photocopied	most photocopied
photogenic	most photogenic
photographed	most photographed
physical	most physical
picked	most picked
picking	most picking
pickled	most pickled
pierced	most pierced
piercing	most piercing
pigheaded	most pigheaded
pigmented	most pigmented
pimped	most pimped
pimping	most pimping
pioneering	most pioneering
pious	most pious
piquant	most piquant
pissed	most pissed
pitched	most pitched
pitching	most pitching
pitied	most pitied
pitiless	most pitiless
placid	most placid
plaintive	most plaintive
planing	most planing
planned	most planned
planning	most planning
planted	most planted
planting	most planting
plastic	most plastic
plated	most plated
platonic	most platonic
playable	most playable
played	most played
playful	most playful
playing	most playing
pleading	most pleading
pleased	most pleased
pleasing	most pleasing
pleasurable	most pleasurable
plebeian	most plebeian
plentiful	most plentiful
pliable	most pliable
pliant	most pliant
plodding	most plodding
plotting	most plotting
plugged	most plugged
plumbing	most plumbing
plundered	most plundered
plunging	most plunging
poaching	most poaching
pockmarked	most pockmarked
poetic	most poetic
poetical	most poetical
poignant	most poignant
pointed	pointiest
pointing	most pointing
pointless	most pointless
poised	most poised
smarmy	smarmiest
poisoned	most poisoned
poisoning	most poisoning
poisonous	most poisonous
polarized	most polarized
polarizing	most polarizing
policing	most policing
policymaking	most policymaking
polished	most polished
polishing	most polishing
political	most political
politicized	most politicized
polling	most polling
polluted	most polluted
polluting	most polluting
ponderous	most ponderous
popped	most popped
popping	most popping
popular	most popular
popularized	most popularized
populated	most populated
populous	most populous
pornographic	most pornographic
porous	most porous
portable	most portable
portentous	most portentous
posed	most posed
posing	most posing
positioning	most positioning
positive	most positive
possessed	most possessed
posted	most posted
posting	most posting
postulated	most postulated
potent	most potent
potholed	most potholed
potted	most potted
pounding	most pounding
poured	most poured
powdered	most powdered
powered	most powered
powerful	most powerful
powerless	most powerless
practical	most practical
practiced	most practiced
practicing	most practicing
pragmatic	most pragmatic
praying	most praying
preached	most preached
preaching	most preaching
precious	most precious
preconceived	most preconceived
predatory	most predatory
predefined	most predefined
predictable	most predictable
predicted	most predicted
predicting	most predicting
predisposing	most predisposing
preening	most preening
prefabricated	most prefabricated
preferred	most preferred
pregnant	most pregnant
prejudiced	most prejudiced
premeditated	most premeditated
prepared	most prepared
preparing	most preparing
prescient	most prescient
prescribed	most prescribed
prescribing	most prescribing
prescriptive	most prescriptive
presentable	most presentable
presented	most presented
presenting	most presenting
preserved	most preserved
presidential	most presidential
presiding	most presiding
pressed	most pressed
pressing	most pressing
pressurised	most pressurised
pressurized	most pressurized
prestigious	most prestigious
pretentious	most pretentious
priceless	most priceless
pricey	most pricey
primary	most primary
primed	most primed
priming	most priming
primitive	most primitive
principled	most principled
printed	most printed
printing	most printing
prismatic	most prismatic
pristine	most pristine
privileged	most privileged
prized	most prized
probing	most probing
processed	most processed
processing	most processing
proclaimed	most proclaimed
prodigal	most prodigal
prodigious	most prodigious
produced	most produced
producing	most producing
productive	most productive
profane	most profane
professed	most professed
professional	most professional
profitable	most profitable
profiting	most profiting
programmed	most programmed
programming	most programming
progressing	most progressing
progressive	most progressive
prohibited	most prohibited
projected	most projected
projecting	most projecting
prolife	most prolife
proliferating	most proliferating
prolific	most prolific
prolonged	most prolonged
promiscuous	most promiscuous
promising	most promising
promoted	most promoted
promoting	most promoting
pronounced	most pronounced
propagated	most propagated
prophesied	most prophesied
proposed	most proposed
proprietary	most proprietary
proscribed	most proscribed
prosecuted	most prosecuted
proselytizing	most proselytizing
prospecting	most prospecting
protected	most protected
protecting	most protecting
protective	most protective
protesting	most protesting
prototyping	most prototyping
protracted	most protracted
protruding	most protruding
proved	most proved
proven	most proven
providing	most providing
provocative	most provocative
provoked	most provoked
provoking	most provoking
prudent	most prudent
pruned	most pruned
pruning	most pruning
public	most public
published	most published
publishing	most publishing
puffed	most puffed
pugnacious	most pugnacious
pulled	most pulled
pulling	most pulling
pulsating	most pulsating
pulsed	most pulsed
pulverizing	most pulverizing
pummeling	most pummeling
pumped	most pumped
pumping	most pumping
punching	most punching
punctual	most punctual
pungent	most pungent
punished	most punished
punishing	most punishing
punting	most punting
purchased	most purchased
purchasing	most purchasing
purebred	most purebred
purged	most purged
purified	most purified
purifying	most purifying
purposeful	most purposeful
purposeless	most purposeless
pursued	most pursued
pursuing	most pursuing
pushed	most pushed
pushing	most pushing
putting	most putting
puzzled	most puzzled
puzzling	most puzzling
qualified	most qualified
qualifying	most qualifying
quantitative	most quantitative
quarrelsome	most quarrelsome
queried	most queried
questing	most questing
questionable	most questionable
questioning	most questioning
queuing	most queuing
quickened	most quickened
quickening	most quickening
quoted	most quoted
racing	most racing
radiant	most radiant
radiated	most radiated
radiating	most radiating
radical	most radical
raging	most raging
raiding	most raiding
raised	most raised
rambling	most rambling
rambunctious	most rambunctious
ranching	most ranching
random	most random
randomized	most randomized
ranked	most ranked
ranking	most ranking
ranting	most ranting
rapacious	most rapacious
raped	most raped
rarified	most rarified
rated	most rated
ratified	most ratified
rating	most rating
rational	most rational
rattled	most rattled
rattling	most rattling
raucous	most raucous
ravaged	most ravaged
ravaging	most ravaging
ravenous	most ravenous
raving	most raving
ravishing	most ravishing
reached	most reached
reacting	most reacting
read	most read
readable	most readable
reading	most reading
realistic	most realistic
realized	most realized
reasoned	most reasoned
reasoning	most reasoning
reassuring	most reassuring
rebellious	most rebellious
rebuilding	most rebuilding
recalled	most recalled
received	most received
receiving	most receiving
receptive	most receptive
recessed	most recessed
recited	most recited
reckless	most reckless
reckoning	most reckoning
reclaimed	most reclaimed
reclusive	most reclusive
recognisable	most recognisable
recognised	most recognised
recognizable	most recognizable
recognized	most recognized
recommended	most recommended
recommending	most recommending
reconstructed	most reconstructed
recorded	most recorded
recording	most recording
recovered	most recovered
recovering	most recovering
recruited	most recruited
recruiting	most recruiting
rectangular	most rectangular
recurring	most recurring
recycled	most recycled
recycling	most recycling
reddened	most reddened
reddish	most reddish
redeemed	most redeemed
refereed	most refereed
referenced	most referenced
refinancing	most refinancing
refined	most refined
reflected	most reflected
reflecting	most reflecting
reflective	most reflective
reflexive	most reflexive
reformed	most reformed
reforming	most reforming
refracted	most refracted
refreshed	most refreshed
refreshing	most refreshing
refrigerated	most refrigerated
refueling	most refueling
refurbished	most refurbished
refused	most refused
refuted	most refuted
regal	most regal
regenerating	most regenerating
regimented	most regimented
registered	most registered
registering	most registering
regressive	most regressive
regular	most regular
regulated	most regulated
regulating	most regulating
rehabilitated	most rehabilitated
rehearsed	most rehearsed
reigning	most reigning
reinforced	most reinforced
reinforcing	most reinforcing
rejected	most rejected
rejoicing	most rejoicing
rejuvenating	most rejuvenating
relapsed	most relapsed
relapsing	most relapsing
relaxed	most relaxed
relaxing	most relaxing
released	most released
releasing	most releasing
relentless	most relentless
reliable	most reliable
reliant	most reliant
relieved	most relieved
relieving	most relieving
religious	most religious
relocated	most relocated
remembered	most remembered
remixed	most remixed
remodeled	most remodeled
remodeling	most remodeling
remorseless	most remorseless
removable	most removable
rendered	most rendered
rending	most rending
renewed	most renewed
renovated	most renovated
renowned	most renowned
rented	most rented
repaired	most repaired
repeated	most repeated
repeating	most repeating
repetitive	most repetitive
replaceable	most replaceable
reported	most reported
reporting	most reporting
representative	most representative
representing	most representing
repressed	most repressed
reprinted	most reprinted
reproduced	most reproduced
reproducing	most reproducing
reptilian	most reptilian
repulsive	most repulsive
reputable	most reputable
reputed	most reputed
requested	most requested
requesting	most requesting
required	most required
rescued	most rescued
researched	most researched
reserved	most reserved
residential	most residential
resilient	most resilient
resisted	most resisted
resisting	most resisting
resolute	most resolute
resolved	most resolved
resonant	most resonant
resonating	most resonating
resounding	most resounding
respectable	most respectable
respected	most respected
respectful	most respectful
responding	most responding
responsible	most responsible
responsive	most responsive
rested	most rested
restful	most restful
resting	most resting
restless	most restless
restored	most restored
restrained	most restrained
restraining	most restraining
restricted	most restricted
restricting	most restricting
restrictive	most restrictive
restructured	most restructured
retailing	most retailing
retained	most retained
retaining	most retaining
retarded	most retarded
retentive	most retentive
reticent	most reticent
retired	most retired
retrieved	most retrieved
retrograde	most retrograde
returning	most returning
revealed	most revealed
revealing	most revealing
revelatory	most revelatory
reveling	most reveling
reverberating	most reverberating
revered	most revered
reverenced	most reverenced
reverent	most reverent
reversed	most reversed
reviewed	most reviewed
reviewing	most reviewing
reviled	most reviled
revised	most revised
revitalized	most revitalized
revitalizing	most revitalizing
revived	most revived
reviving	most reviving
revolting	most revolting
revolving	most revolving
revved	most revved
rewarded	most rewarded
rewarding	most rewarding
rhyming	most rhyming
rhythmic	most rhythmic
ridden	most ridden
riddled	most riddled
ridged	most ridged
ridiculous	most ridiculous
riding	most riding
rigged	most rigged
rigging	most rigging
righteous	most righteous
rigid	most rigid
rigorous	most rigorous
ringed	most ringed
ringing	most ringing
ripened	most ripened
ripped	most ripped
ripping	most ripping
rising	most rising
ritualistic	most ritualistic
ritualized	most ritualized
riveted	most riveted
riveting	most riveting
roaming	most roaming
roasted	most roasted
roasting	most roasting
rocked	most rocked
rocking	most rocking
rolled	most rolled
rollicking	most rollicking
rolling	most rolling
romantic	most romantic
romanticized	most romanticized
rooted	most rooted
rooting	most rooting
rotating	most rotating
rounded	most rounded
roused	most roused
rousing	most rousing
routed	most routed
routine	most routine
routing	most routing
rowing	most rowing
royal	most royal
rubbery	most rubbery
rubbing	most rubbing
rudimentary	most rudimentary
ruffled	most ruffled
ruggedized	most ruggedized
ruined	most ruined
ruinous	most ruinous
ruled	most ruled
ruling	most ruling
rumbling	most rumbling
rumpled	most rumpled
running	most running
rural	most rural
rushing	most rushing
rusted	most rusted
rustic	most rustic
ruthless	most ruthless
rutted	most rutted
rutting	most rutting
sacked	most sacked
sacred	most sacred
sacrificed	most sacrificed
sacrificing	most sacrificing
saddening	most saddening
safeguarded	most safeguarded
sagacious	most sagacious
sailing	most sailing
salaried	most salaried
salient	most salient
salted	most salted
salvaged	most salvaged
sampling	most sampling
sanctified	most sanctified
sanctioned	most sanctioned
sanctioning	most sanctioning
sanding	most sanding
sanitary	most sanitary
sanitized	most sanitized
satisfied	most satisfied
satisfying	most satisfying
saturated	most saturated
saved	most saved
saving	most saving
savored	most savored
savory	most savory
sawing	most sawing
scalable	most scalable
scalding	most scalding
scaled	most scaled
scaling	most scaling
scandalous	most scandalous
scanned	most scanned
scanning	most scanning
scared	most scared
scarlet	most scarlet
scarred	most scarred
scarring	most scarring
scathing	most scathing
scattered	most scattered
scattering	most scattering
scented	most scented
scheduled	most scheduled
scheduling	most scheduling
schematic	most schematic
scheming	most scheming
scholarly	most scholarly
schooling	most schooling
scientific	most scientific
scintillating	most scintillating
scoffed	most scoffed
scorching	most scorching
scored	most scored
scoring	most scoring
scorned	most scorned
scourged	most scourged
scouting	most scouting
scrambled	most scrambled
scrambling	most scrambling
scratched	most scratched
scratching	most scratching
screamed	most screamed
screaming	most screaming
screened	most screened
screening	most screening
screwed	most screwed
scripted	most scripted
scripting	most scripting
scrolling	most scrolling
sculpted	most sculpted
sculpting	most sculpting
seafaring	most seafaring
seagoing	most seagoing
sealed	most sealed
sealing	most sealing
seamless	most seamless
searching	most searching
searing	most searing
seasoned	most seasoned
seaworthy	most seaworthy
secluded	most secluded
secondary	most secondary
secreted	most secreted
secretive	most secretive
secular	most secular
secured	most secured
securing	most securing
sedate	most sedate
sedentary	most sedentary
seducing	most seducing
seductive	most seductive
seeded	most seeded
seeking	most seeking
seething	most seething
segmented	most segmented
segregated	most segregated
segregating	most segregating
seized	most seized
selected	most selected
selecting	most selecting
selective	most selective
selfish	most selfish
selfless	most selfless
selling	most selling
senior	most senior
sensational	most sensational
sensationalized	most sensationalized
sensing	most sensing
sensitive	most sensitive
sensitized	most sensitized
sensual	most sensual
sensuous	most sensuous
sentenced	most sentenced
sentencing	most sentencing
sentimental	most sentimental
separated	most separated
separating	most separating
sequenced	most sequenced
sequestered	most sequestered
sequined	most sequined
serialized	most serialized
serious	most serious
serrated	most serrated
served	most served
serviceable	most serviceable
serving	most serving
set	most set
setting	most setting
settled	most settled
settling	most settling
severed	most severed
sewing	most sewing
sexless	most sexless
sexual	most sexual
shaded	most shaded
shading	most shading
shadowed	most shadowed
shaken	most shaken
shaking	most shaking
shamed	most shamed
shaming	most shaming
shapeless	most shapeless
shaping	most shaping
shared	most shared
sharing	most sharing
shattered	most shattered
shattering	most shattering
shaved	most shaved
shaving	most shaving
shed	most shed
shedding	most shedding
shelled	most shelled
sheltered	most sheltered
shelving	most shelving
shielding	most shielding
shifted	most shifted
shifting	most shifting
shimmering	most shimmering
shining	most shining
shinning	most shinning
shipping	most shipping
shivering	most shivering
shocked	most shocked
shocking	most shocking
shooting	most shooting
shopping	most shopping
shortlived	most shortlived
shot	most shot
shouted	most shouted
shouting	most shouting
shredded	most shredded
shredding	most shredding
shrinking	most shrinking
shriveled	most shriveled
shrivelled	most shrivelled
shrouded	most shrouded
shrunken	most shrunken
shuffling	most shuffling
shunned	most shunned
shuttered	most shuttered
sickening	most sickening
sidesplitting	most sidesplitting
sightseeing	most sightseeing
signaling	most signaling
signalling	most signalling
signed	most signed
significant	most significant
signing	most signing
silenced	most silenced
silent	most silent
silver	most silver
simpering	most simpering
simplified	most simplified
simulated	most simulated
simulating	most simulating
sinewy	most sinewy
singing	most singing
singular	most singular
sinister	most sinister
sinking	most sinking
sinuous	most sinuous
sitting	most sitting
sizzling	most sizzling
skateboarding	most skateboarding
skating	most skating
skeptical	most skeptical
skewed	most skewed
skiing	most skiing
skilled	most skilled
skillful	most skillful
skimming	most skimming
skinning	most skinning
skipped	most skipped
skipping	most skipping
skittish	most skittish
slammed	most slammed
slamming	most slamming
slanted	most slanted
slashing	most slashing
slated	most slated
slaughtered	most slaughtered
slaughtering	most slaughtering
sleeping	most sleeping
slicing	most slicing
sliding	most sliding
slimming	most slimming
slipped	most slipped
sloped	most sloped
sloping	most sloping
sluggish	most sluggish
slumbering	most slumbering
smashed	most smashed
smashing	most smashing
smiling	most smiling
smoked	most smoked
smoking	most smoking
smoldering	most smoldering
smoothed	most smoothed
smoothing	most smoothing
smothered	most smothered
smouldering	most smouldering
smuggled	most smuggled
smuggling	most smuggling
snapped	most snapped
snappish	most snappish
snarling	most snarling
sneaking	most sneaking
sneering	most sneering
sniping	most sniping
sniveling	most sniveling
snoring	most snoring
soaked	most soaked
soaring	most soaring
sobering	most sobering
sociable	most sociable
social	most social
socializing	most socializing
sodden	most sodden
soiled	most soiled
soldering	most soldering
solicited	most solicited
solicitous	most solicitous
solidified	most solidified
solitary	most solitary
solved	most solved
somber	most somber
sombre	most sombre
songful	most songful
songwriting	most songwriting
sonorous	most sonorous
soothing	most soothing
sophisticated	most sophisticated
soporific	most soporific
sorrowful	most sorrowful
sorted	most sorted
sorting	most sorting
soulful	most soulful
soulless	most soulless
spacious	most spacious
spamming	most spamming
sparing	most sparing
sparked	most sparked
sparkling	most sparkling
spartan	most spartan
spawning	most spawning
speaking	most speaking
specialized	most specialized
specializing	most specializing
specific	most specific
specified	most specified
spectacular	most spectacular
speeding	most speeding
spellbinding	most spellbinding
spelling	most spelling
spending	most spending
spent	most spent
spherical	most spherical
spiced	most spiced
spiked	most spiked
spineless	most spineless
spinning	most spinning
spirited	most spirited
spiritual	most spiritual
splintered	most splintered
splitting	most splitting
spoiled	most spoiled
sponsored	most sponsored
sponsoring	most sponsoring
spontaneous	most spontaneous
spoofing	most spoofing
spooked	most spooked
sporadic	most sporadic
spotless	most spotless
spotted	most spotted
sprawling	most sprawling
sprayed	most sprayed
spraying	most spraying
spread	most spread
spreading	most spreading
spruce	most spruce
spun	most spun
spurned	most spurned
squat	most squat
squeezable	most squeezable
squeezed	most squeezed
stabile	most stabile
stabilizing	most stabilizing
stacked	most stacked
stacking	most stacking
staged	most staged
staggering	most staggering
staging	most staging
stagnant	most stagnant
stained	most stained
staining	most staining
stalked	most stalked
stalking	most stalking
stamped	most stamped
stamping	most stamping
standardized	most standardized
standing	most standing
starched	most starched
staring	most staring
starring	most starring
starting	most starting
startled	most startled
startling	most startling
starved	most starved
starving	most starving
stated	most stated
static	most static
stationary	most stationary
statuesque	most statuesque
stayed	most stayed
steadfast	most steadfast
stealing	most stealing
steamed	most steamed
steaming	most steaming
steering	most steering
stemmed	most stemmed
stepped	most stepped
stereotyped	most stereotyped
sterile	most sterile
sticking	most sticking
stifled	most stifled
stifling	most stifling
stigmatized	most stigmatized
stimulated	most stimulated
stimulating	most stimulating
stinging	most stinging
stinking	most stinking
stirred	most stirred
stirring	most stirring
stitching	most stitching
stocked	most stocked
stocking	most stocking
stoic	most stoic
stolid	most stolid
stomping	most stomping
stoned	most stoned
stopping	most stopping
storming	most storming
storytelling	most storytelling
straightforward	most straightforward
strained	most strained
straining	most straining
straitlaced	most straitlaced
stranded	most stranded
strapped	most strapped
strategic	most strategic
stratified	most stratified
streamed	most streamed
streaming	most streaming
streamlined	most streamlined
streetwise	most streetwise
strengthened	most strengthened
strengthening	most strengthening
strenuous	most strenuous
stressed	most stressed
stressful	most stressful
stretched	most stretched
stretching	most stretching
striated	most striated
striking	most striking
stringed	most stringed
striped	most striped
stripping	most stripping
struck	most struck
structured	most structured
struggling	most struggling
stuck	most stuck
studied	most studied
studying	most studying
stuffed	most stuffed
stuffing	most stuffing
stumbling	most stumbling
stunned	most stunned
stunning	most stunning
stunted	most stunted
stupefying	most stupefying
stuttering	most stuttering
styled	most styled
styling	most styling
stylish	most stylish
stylized	most stylized
subcontracting	most subcontracting
subdued	most subdued
subjective	most subjective
submerged	most submerged
submissive	most submissive
subservient	most subservient
subsidized	most subsidized
substantial	most substantial
substantiated	most substantiated
suburban	most suburban
succeeding	most succeeding
successful	most successful
succulent	most succulent
sucking	most sucking
sudden	most sudden
suffered	most suffered
suffering	most suffering
sufficient	most sufficient
suffocating	most suffocating
sugared	most sugared
suggesting	most suggesting
suited	most suited
sumptuous	most sumptuous
sunburned	most sunburned
sunk	most sunk
sunken	most sunken
supercharged	most supercharged
superficial	most superficial
superior	most superior
supernatural	most supernatural
superstitious	most superstitious
supervised	most supervised
supplemented	most supplemented
supplying	most supplying
supporting	most supporting
supportive	most supportive
suppressed	most suppressed
surefooted	most surefooted
surfed	most surfed
surfing	most surfing
surgical	most surgical
surprised	most surprised
surprising	most surprising
surreal	most surreal
surreptitious	most surreptitious
surrounding	most surrounding
surveyed	most surveyed
surveying	most surveying
surviving	most surviving
susceptible	most susceptible
suspected	most suspected
suspended	most suspended
suspenseful	most suspenseful
suspicious	most suspicious
sustained	most sustained
sustaining	most sustaining
swaggering	most swaggering
swallowed	most swallowed
swapped	most swapped
swashbuckling	most swashbuckling
swearing	most swearing
sweating	most sweating
sweeping	most sweeping
sweetened	most sweetened
swelling	most swelling
sweltering	most sweltering
swept	most swept
swimming	most swimming
swinging	most swinging
switched	most switched
switching	most switching
swollen	most swollen
sworn	most sworn
symbolic	most symbolic
symmetric	most symmetric
symmetrical	most symmetrical
sympathetic	most sympathetic
synchronized	most synchronized
syncopated	most syncopated
syndicated	most syndicated
synthesizing	most synthesizing
synthetic	most synthetic
syrupy	most syrupy
systematic	most systematic
taciturn	most taciturn
tactile	most tactile
tactless	most tactless
tagging	most tagging
tailored	most tailored
talented	most talented
talentless	most talentless
talismanic	most talismanic
talkative	most talkative
talking	most talking
tamed	most tamed
tangible	most tangible
tangled	most tangled
tanned	most tanned
tantalizing	most tantalizing
taped	most taped
tapered	most tapered
tapped	most tapped
tapping	most tapping
targeted	most targeted
targeting	most targeting
tarnished	most tarnished
tasteful	most tasteful
tasteless	most tasteless
tattered	most tattered
tattooed	most tattooed
taught	most taught
taunting	most taunting
taxable	most taxable
taxed	most taxed
taxing	most taxing
taxpaying	most taxpaying
teaching	most teaching
teasing	most teasing
technical	most technical
tedious	most tedious
teeming	most teeming
teenaged	most teenaged
teething	most teething
telemarketing	most telemarketing
telescoping	most telescoping
televised	most televised
temperamental	most temperamental
temperate	most temperate
tempered	most tempered
tempestuous	most tempestuous
temporary	most temporary
tempting	most tempting
tenacious	most tenacious
tended	most tended
tending	most tending
tentative	most tentative
tenuous	most tenuous
tenured	most tenured
terminated	most terminated
terminating	most terminating
terrible	most terrible
terrified	most terrified
terrifying	most terrifying
territorial	most territorial
terrorized	most terrorized
terrorizing	most terrorizing
tested	most tested
testing	most testing
tethered	most tethered
textured	most textured
theatrical	most theatrical
themed	most themed
theorized	most theorized
theorizing	most theorizing
thermosetting	most thermosetting
thickheaded	most thickheaded
thieving	most thieving
thinking	most thinking
thinning	most thinning
thoroughbred	most thoroughbred
thoughtful	most thoughtful
thoughtless	most thoughtless
thrashing	most thrashing
threaded	most threaded
threatened	most threatened
threatening	most threatening
thrilling	most thrilling
thriving	most thriving
throbbing	most throbbing
thronged	most thronged
throwing	most throwing
thrown	most thrown
thrusting	most thrusting
thumping	most thumping
thundering	most thundering
thunderous	most thunderous
thwarted	most thwarted
ticked	most ticked
ticketed	most ticketed
tickling	most tickling
tied	most tied
tiled	most tiled
tilted	most tilted
timed	most timed
timeless	most timeless
timesaving	most timesaving
timing	most timing
tinned	most tinned
tinted	most tinted
tipped	most tipped
tipping	most tipping
tireless	most tireless
tiresome	most tiresome
tiring	most tiring
titillating	most titillating
titled	most titled
toasted	most toasted
tolerant	most tolerant
tolerated	most tolerated
toned	most toned
toning	most toning
toothed	most toothed
toothless	most toothless
toothsome	most toothsome
topical	most topical
topped	most topped
tormented	most tormented
tormenting	most tormenting
torpid	most torpid
tortured	most tortured
torturing	most torturing
torturous	most torturous
tossed	most tossed
totemic	most totemic
tottering	most tottering
touching	most touching
touring	most touring
towed	most towed
towering	most towering
towing	most towing
toxic	most toxic
traceable	most traceable
traced	most traced
tracing	most tracing
tracked	most tracked
tracking	most tracking
tractable	most tractable
traded	most traded
trading	most trading
traditional	most traditional
trafficked	most trafficked
trafficking	most trafficking
tragic	most tragic
trailing	most trailing
trained	most trained
training	most training
trampled	most trampled
tranquil	most tranquil
tranquilizing	most tranquilizing
transcendent	most transcendent
transferred	most transferred
transferring	most transferring
transforming	most transforming
transient	most transient
transistorized	most transistorized
transitioning	most transitioning
translated	most translated
translating	most translating
translucent	most translucent
transmitted	most transmitted
transmitting	most transmitting
transparent	most transparent
transplanted	most transplanted
transportable	most transportable
transported	most transported
transporting	most transporting
trapped	most trapped
trapping	most trapping
trashed	most trashed
traumatic	most traumatic
traumatized	most traumatized
traumatizing	most traumatizing
traveling	most traveling
traversed	most traversed
trawling	most trawling
treacherous	most treacherous
treasured	most treasured
treated	most treated
treating	most treating
trekking	most trekking
trembling	most trembling
tremendous	most tremendous
trenchant	most trenchant
trifling	most trifling
triggered	most triggered
trimmed	most trimmed
trimming	most trimming
tripped	most tripped
trolling	most trolling
troubled	most troubled
troubleshooting	most troubleshooting
troublesome	most troublesome
troubling	most troubling
trucking	most trucking
trusted	most trusted
trustful	most trustful
trusting	most trusting
truthful	most truthful
tumbling	most tumbling
tumultuous	most tumultuous
tuned	most tuned
tuneful	most tuneful
tuning	most tuning
tunneling	most tunneling
turbulent	most turbulent
turgid	most turgid
turning	most turning
tutoring	most tutoring
tweaked	most tweaked
tweaking	most tweaking
twee	most twee
twisted	most twisted
twisting	most twisting
typed	most typed
typesetting	most typesetting
typing	most typing
tyrannical	most tyrannical
ubiquitous	most ubiquitous
unabashed	most unabashed
unabridged	most unabridged
unacceptable	most unacceptable
unadorned	most unadorned
unaffiliated	most unaffiliated
unalloyed	most unalloyed
unalterable	most unalterable
unaltered	most unaltered
unambiguous	most unambiguous
unambitious	most unambitious
unanswered	most unanswered
unanticipated	most unanticipated
unappetizing	most unappetizing
unapproachable	most unapproachable
unarmed	most unarmed
unassuming	most unassuming
unattached	most unattached
unattainable	most unattainable
unattractive	most unattractive
unauthorized	most unauthorized
unbalanced	most unbalanced
unbearable	most unbearable
unbecoming	most unbecoming
unbelievable	most unbelievable
unbelieving	most unbelieving
unbending	most unbending
unbiased	most unbiased
unblemished	most unblemished
unbounded	most unbounded
unbreakable	most unbreakable
unbridled	most unbridled
unbuttoned	most unbuttoned
uncaring	most uncaring
unceasing	most unceasing
uncensored	most uncensored
uncertain	most uncertain
unchallenged	most unchallenged
unchallenging	most unchallenging
unchangeable	most unchangeable
unchanging	most unchanging
uncharitable	most uncharitable
uncharted	most uncharted
unchecked	most unchecked
uncivilized	most uncivilized
unclassified	most unclassified
unclean	most unclean
unclear	most unclear
uncluttered	most uncluttered
uncomfortable	most uncomfortable
uncommitted	most uncommitted
uncommon	most uncommon
uncommunicative	most uncommunicative
uncompensated	most uncompensated
uncomplaining	most uncomplaining
uncomplicated	most uncomplicated
uncompressed	most uncompressed
uncompromising	most uncompromising
unconcerned	most unconcerned
unconscious	most unconscious
uncontested	most uncontested
uncontrollable	most uncontrollable
uncontrolled	most uncontrolled
uncontroversial	most uncontroversial
unconventional	most unconventional
unconvinced	most unconvinced
unconvincing	most unconvincing
uncorrupted	most uncorrupted
uncouth	most uncouth
uncovered	most uncovered
uncredited	most uncredited
unctuous	most unctuous
uncultivated	most uncultivated
uncultured	most uncultured
undated	most undated
undaunted	most undaunted
undecided	most undecided
undeclared	most undeclared
undefeated	most undefeated
undefiled	most undefiled
undefined	most undefined
undemocratic	most undemocratic
undeniable	most undeniable
underachieving	most underachieving
underdeveloped	most underdeveloped
underexposed	most underexposed
underlined	most underlined
underlying	most underlying
undermining	most undermining
underperforming	most underperforming
underprepared	most underprepared
underprivileged	most underprivileged
underqualified	most underqualified
understanding	most understanding
understated	most understated
undertaken	most undertaken
undervalued	most undervalued
underwriting	most underwriting
undeserved	most undeserved
undesirable	most undesirable
undesired	most undesired
undetected	most undetected
undeveloped	most undeveloped
undiagnosed	most undiagnosed
undifferentiated	most undifferentiated
undignified	most undignified
undiluted	most undiluted
undisciplined	most undisciplined
undiscovered	most undiscovered
undisguised	most undisguised
undisputed	most undisputed
undistinguished	most undistinguished
undisturbed	most undisturbed
undivided	most undivided
undocumented	most undocumented
undoubted	most undoubted
undressed	most undressed
undulating	most undulating
undying	most undying
unearned	most unearned
unedifying	most unedifying
unedited	most unedited
uneducated	most uneducated
unemotional	most unemotional
unemployed	most unemployed
unencumbered	most unencumbered
unending	most unending
unenthusiastic	most unenthusiastic
unequal	most unequal
unequivocal	most unequivocal
unerring	most unerring
unethical	most unethical
uneven	most uneven
uneventful	most uneventful
unexpected	most unexpected
unexplained	most unexplained
unexplored	most unexplored
unfaithful	most unfaithful
unfathomable	most unfathomable
unfeeling	most unfeeling
unfettered	most unfettered
unfiltered	most unfiltered
unfinished	most unfinished
unflagging	most unflagging
unflappable	most unflappable
unflattering	most unflattering
unflinching	most unflinching
unfocused	most unfocused
unfolded	most unfolded
unforeseeable	most unforeseeable
unforgettable	most unforgettable
unforgiving	most unforgiving
unformed	most unformed
unfortunate	most unfortunate
unfounded	most unfounded
unfree	most unfree
unfulfilled	most unfulfilled
ungainly	most ungainly
ungrammatical	most ungrammatical
ungrateful	most ungrateful
unhelpful	most unhelpful
unhindered	most unhindered
unhinged	most unhinged
unhurried	most unhurried
unidentified	most unidentified
unified	most unified
uniform	most uniform
uniformed	most uniformed
unifying	most unifying
unimaginative	most unimaginative
unimportant	most unimportant
unimpressive	most unimpressive
uninformative	most uninformative
uninformed	most uninformed
uninhabited	most uninhabited
uninhibited	most uninhibited
uninitiated	most uninitiated
uninspired	most uninspired
uninspiring	most uninspiring
uninsured	most uninsured
unintelligent	most unintelligent
unintelligible	most unintelligible
unintended	most unintended
unintentional	most unintentional
uninteresting	most uninteresting
uninterrupted	most uninterrupted
uninvited	most uninvited
uninviting	most uninviting
uninvolved	most uninvolved
unionized	most unionized
unique	most unique
unitary	most unitary
united	most united
unjust	most unjust
unjustified	most unjustified
unknowing	most unknowing
unlawful	most unlawful
unleashed	most unleashed
unlettered	most unlettered
unleveraged	most unleveraged
unlicensed	most unlicensed
unlimited	most unlimited
unlined	most unlined
unlisted	most unlisted
unloaded	most unloaded
unlocked	most unlocked
unlovable	most unlovable
unloved	most unloved
unmanageable	most unmanageable
unmanly	most unmanly
unmanned	most unmanned
unmarked	most unmarked
unmarried	most unmarried
unmatched	most unmatched
unmistakable	most unmistakable
unmitigated	most unmitigated
unmoderated	most unmoderated
unmotivated	most unmotivated
unmoved	most unmoved
unnamed	most unnamed
unnatural	most unnatural
unnecessary	most unnecessary
unneeded	most unneeded
unnerving	most unnerving
unnoticeable	most unnoticeable
unnoticed	most unnoticed
unobtrusive	most unobtrusive
unopened	most unopened
unorganized	most unorganized
unpaid	most unpaid
unparalleled	most unparalleled
unpatriotic	most unpatriotic
unpaved	most unpaved
unplanned	most unplanned
unpleasant	most unpleasant
unpolished	most unpolished
unpopular	most unpopular
unpredictable	most unpredictable
unprejudiced	most unprejudiced
unprepared	most unprepared
unpretentious	most unpretentious
unprincipled	most unprincipled
unproductive	most unproductive
unprofessional	most unprofessional
unprovoked	most unprovoked
unpublished	most unpublished
unqualified	most unqualified
unquestioned	most unquestioned
unquestioning	most unquestioning
unraveling	most unraveling
unreachable	most unreachable
unreal	most unreal
unrealistic	most unrealistic
unrealized	most unrealized
unreasonable	most unreasonable
unreasoning	most unreasoning
unrecognizable	most unrecognizable
unrecognized	most unrecognized
unreconstructed	most unreconstructed
unrefined	most unrefined
unreflecting	most unreflecting
unreformed	most unreformed
unregulated	most unregulated
unreleased	most unreleased
unrelenting	most unrelenting
unreliable	most unreliable
unremarkable	most unremarkable
unremitting	most unremitting
unrequited	most unrequited
unresolved	most unresolved
unresponsive	most unresponsive
unrestrained	most unrestrained
unrestricted	most unrestricted
unrestrictive	most unrestrictive
unrewarding	most unrewarding
unrivaled	most unrivaled
unromantic	most unromantic
unruffled	most unruffled
unsanitary	most unsanitary
unsatisfied	most unsatisfied
unsavory	most unsavory
unsavoury	most unsavoury
unscheduled	most unscheduled
unscientific	most unscientific
unscripted	most unscripted
unscrupulous	most unscrupulous
unsealed	most unsealed
unsecured	most unsecured
unsentimental	most unsentimental
unsettled	most unsettled
unsettling	most unsettling
unsightly	most unsightly
unsigned	most unsigned
unsociable	most unsociable
unsolicited	most unsolicited
unsolved	most unsolved
unsophisticated	most unsophisticated
unsparing	most unsparing
unspoiled	most unspoiled
unstable	most unstable
unsteady	most unsteady
unstinting	most unstinting
unstoppable	most unstoppable
unstructured	most unstructured
unsubstantial	most unsubstantial
unsubstantiated	most unsubstantiated
unsubtle	most unsubtle
unsuited	most unsuited
unsullied	most unsullied
unsupported	most unsupported
unsurpassed	most unsurpassed
unsuspecting	most unsuspecting
unswerving	most unswerving
unsympathetic	most unsympathetic
untalented	most untalented
untamed	most untamed
untested	most untested
unthinkable	most unthinkable
unthinking	most unthinking
unthreatening	most unthreatening
untiring	most untiring
untouchable	most untouchable
untouched	most untouched
untrained	most untrained
untreated	most untreated
untrustworthy	most untrustworthy
untruthful	most untruthful
untutored	most untutored
unvarnished	most unvarnished
unvarying	most unvarying
unwanted	most unwanted
unwarranted	most unwarranted
unwavering	most unwavering
unwelcome	most unwelcome
unwelcomed	most unwelcomed
unwieldy	most unwieldy
unwilling	most unwilling
unwitting	most unwitting
unworldly	most unworldly
unyielding	most unyielding
updated	most updated
upfront	most upfront
upheld	most upheld
upholstered	most upholstered
uplifting	most uplifting
uploaded	most uploaded
upright	most upright
uprising	most uprising
uprooted	most uprooted
upstanding	most upstanding
upwelling	most upwelling
urbanized	most urbanized
urgent	most urgent
usurping	most usurping
uttered	most uttered
vacant	most vacant
vacationing	most vacationing
vaccinated	most vaccinated
vacillating	most vacillating
vacuous	most vacuous
valiant	most valiant
valid	most valid
validated	most validated
valuable	most valuable
valued	most valued
valueless	most valueless
vandalized	most vandalized
vanilla	most vanilla
vanished	most vanished
vanishing	most vanishing
vaporous	most vaporous
varied	most varied
variegated	most variegated
vascularized	most vascularized
vaulting	most vaulting
vegetated	most vegetated
veiled	most veiled
vending	most vending
venerated	most venerated
venomous	most venomous
vented	most vented
ventilated	most ventilated
ventilating	most ventilating
venturing	most venturing
verdant	most verdant
verified	most verified
versatile	most versatile
versed	most versed
vertical	most vertical
vested	most vested
vexing	most vexing
viable	most viable
vibrant	most vibrant
vibrating	most vibrating
vicious	most vicious
victimized	most victimized
videotaped	most videotaped
viewing	most viewing
vigilant	most vigilant
vigorous	most vigorous
vindictive	most vindictive
violated	most violated
violating	most violating
violent	most violent
violet	most violet
viral	most viral
virile	most virile
virtuous	most virtuous
virulent	most virulent
visible	most visible
visited	most visited
visiting	most visiting
visual	most visual
vital	most vital
vivacious	most vivacious
vivifying	most vivifying
vocal	most vocal
voiceless	most voiceless
void	most void
volatile	most volatile
volcanic	most volcanic
volunteering	most volunteering
voluptuous	most voluptuous
vomiting	most vomiting
voracious	most voracious
voting	most voting
vulnerable	most vulnerable
wading	most wading
wagering	most wagering
waiting	most waiting
wakeful	most wakeful
walking	most walking
walled	most walled
wandering	most wandering
wanted	most wanted
warehousing	most warehousing
warmed	most warmed
warmhearted	most warmhearted
warming	most warming
warmongering	most warmongering
warning	most warning
warped	most warped
warring	most warring
washed	most washed
washing	most washing
wasteful	most wasteful
wasting	most wasting
watchful	most watchful
watching	most watching
watered	most watered
waterlogged	most waterlogged
watermarking	most watermarking
waterproof	most waterproof
waterproofing	most waterproofing
watertight	most watertight
watery	most watery
waved	most waved
wavering	most wavering
waving	most waving
waxing	most waxing
weakening	most weakening
weaponized	most weaponized
wearied	most wearied
wearing	most wearing
weathered	most weathered
weaving	most weaving
wedded	most wedded
wee	most wee
weeding	most weeding
weeping	most weeping
weighing	most weighing
weighted	most weighted
welcome	most welcome
welcomed	most welcomed
welcoming	most welcoming
welded	most welded
welding	most welding
western	most western
whaling	most whaling
wheeled	most wheeled
whimsical	most whimsical
whining	most whining
whipped	most whipped
whispered	most whispered
wholehearted	most wholehearted
wholesome	most wholesome
widespread	most widespread
widowed	most widowed
winding	most winding
windsurfing	most windsurfing
winemaking	most winemaking
winged	most winged
wintering	most wintering
wired	most wired
wireless	most wireless
wiring	most wiring
wiry	most wiry
wistful	most wistful
withered	most withered
withering	most withering
witnessed	most witnessed
wizened	most wizened
wonderful	most wonderful
wooded	most wooded
wooden	most wooden
wooing	most wooing
worked	most worked
worn	most worn
worried	most worried
worrisome	most worrisome
worrying	most worrying
worshiped	most worshiped
worshipped	most worshipped
worthless	most worthless
wound	most wound
wounded	most wounded
wounding	most wounding
woven	most woven
wrapped	most wrapped
wrapping	most wrapping
wrecked	most wrecked
wrenching	most wrenching
wrestling	most wrestling
wrinkled	most wrinkled
writing	most writing
written	most written
wronged	most wronged
xenophobic	most xenophobic
yawning	most yawning
yearning	most yearning
yelled	most yelled
yelling	most yelling
yielding	most yielding
youthful	most youthful
zealous	most zealous
zipped	most zipped
zippered	most zippered
